develop/activate-sandbox-subscription-azure-marketplace-products.md, before:

---
title: Activate a sandbox subscription for commercial marketplace products
description: Activate a sandbox subscription for commercial marketplace products.
ms.date: 09/10/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Activate a sandbox subscription for commercial marketplace products

Applies to:

- Partner Center

How to activate subscription for commercial marketplace Software as a Service (SaaS) products from integration sandbox accounts to enable billing.

>[!NOTE]
>Activating subscription for commercial marketplace SaaS products is only possible from integration sandbox accounts. For production subscriptions, you must visit the publisher's site to complete the setup process. Subscription billing will begin only after setup is complete.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.
- An integration sandbox partner account with a customer having an active subscription for commercial marketplace SaaS products.

## C#

Use the following steps to activate a subscription for commercial marketplace SaaS products:

1. Get an interface to the subscription operations available. You must identify the customer and specify the subscription identifier of the trial subscription.

    ``` csharp
    var subscriptionOperations = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(customerId).Subscriptions.ById(subscriptionId);

2. Activate the subscription using the Activate operation.

    ``` csharp
    var subscriptionActivationResult = subscriptionOperations.Activate();
## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method     | Request URI                                                                            |
|------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **POST** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/activate HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                                                                                                                                            |
|------------------------|----------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id** | **guid** | Y | The value is a GUID-formatted **customer-tenant-id**, which is an identifier that allows you to specify a customer. |
| **subscription-id** | **guid** | Y | The value is a GUID-formatted **subscription-id**, which is an identifier that allows you to specify a subscription. |

### Request headers

See [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md) for more information.

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
POST https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/42b5f772-5c5c-4bce-b9d7-bdadeecca411/subscriptions/87363db7-39ab-dd25-d371-94340aaa2f97/activate HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-CorrelationId: 1438ea3d-b515-45c7-9ec1-27ee0cc8e6bd
MS-RequestId: 655890ba-4d2b-4d09-a95f-4ea1348686a5

```

## REST response

This method returns the **subscription-id** and **status** property.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 79
Content-Type: application/json
MS-CorrelationId: 1438ea3d-b515-45c7-9ec1-27ee0cc8e6bd
MS-RequestId: 655890ba-4d2b-4d09-a95f-4ea1348686a5

{
    "subscriptionId":"87363db7-39ab-dd25-d371-94340aaa2f97",
    "status":"Success"
}
```

Commit message:

Add dot.net version requirement.

develop/activate-sandbox-subscription-azure-marketplace-products.md, after:

---
title: Activate a sandbox subscription for commercial marketplace products
description: Activate a sandbox subscription for commercial marketplace products.
ms.date: 09/10/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Activate a sandbox subscription for commercial marketplace products

Applies to:

- Partner Center

How to activate subscription for commercial marketplace Software as a Service (SaaS) products from integration sandbox accounts to enable billing.

>[!NOTE]
>Activating subscription for commercial marketplace SaaS products is only possible from integration sandbox accounts. For production subscriptions, you must visit the publisher's site to complete the setup process. Subscription billing will begin only after setup is complete.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.
- An integration sandbox partner account with a customer having an active subscription for commercial marketplace SaaS products.
- For partners using Partner Center .NET SDK, you must use SDK version 1.14.0 or higher to access this capability.

## C#

Use the following steps to activate a subscription for commercial marketplace SaaS products:

1. Get an interface to the subscription operations available. You must identify the customer and specify the subscription identifier of the trial subscription.

    ``` csharp
    var subscriptionOperations = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(customerId).Subscriptions.ById(subscriptionId);

2. Activate the subscription using the Activate operation.

    ``` csharp
    var subscriptionActivationResult = subscriptionOperations.Activate();
## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method     | Request URI                                                                            |
|------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **POST** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/activate HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                                                                                                                                            |
|------------------------|----------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id** | **guid** | Y | The value is a GUID-formatted **customer-tenant-id**, which is an identifier that allows you to specify a customer. |
| **subscription-id** | **guid** | Y | The value is a GUID-formatted **subscription-id**, which is an identifier that allows you to specify a subscription. |

### Request headers

See [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md) for more information.

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
POST https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/42b5f772-5c5c-4bce-b9d7-bdadeecca411/subscriptions/87363db7-39ab-dd25-d371-94340aaa2f97/activate HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-CorrelationId: 1438ea3d-b515-45c7-9ec1-27ee0cc8e6bd
MS-RequestId: 655890ba-4d2b-4d09-a95f-4ea1348686a5

```

## REST response

This method returns the **subscription-id** and **status** property.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 79
Content-Type: application/json
MS-CorrelationId: 1438ea3d-b515-45c7-9ec1-27ee0cc8e6bd
MS-RequestId: 655890ba-4d2b-4d09-a95f-4ea1348686a5

{
    "subscriptionId":"87363db7-39ab-dd25-d371-94340aaa2f97",
    "status":"Success"
}
```
