develop/cancel-an-azure-marketplace-subscription.md, before:

---
title: Cancel an Azure Marketplace subscription
description: Cancel an Azure Marketplace Subscription resource that matches a customer and subscription ID.
ms.assetid: 
ms.date: 05/22/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Cancel an Azure Marketplace subscription

Applies to:

- Partner Center

You can cancel an Azure Marketplace [subscription](subscription-resources.md) resource that matches the customer and subscription ID.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.
- A customer ID (**customer-tenant-id**). If you do not have a customer's ID, you can look up the ID in Partner Center by choosing the customer from the customers list, selecting Account, then saving their Microsoft ID.
- A subscription ID.

## Partner Center dashboard method

To cancel an Azure Marketplace subscription in the Partner Center dashboard:

1. [Select a customer](get-a-customer-by-name.md).
2. Select the subscription that you wish to cancel.
3. Choose the **Cancel subscription** option, then select **Submit**.

## C#

To cancel a customer's subscription:

1. [Get the subscription by ID](get-a-subscription-by-id.md).
2. Change the subscription's [**Status**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.subscriptions.subscription.status) property. For information on **Status** codes, see [SubscriptionStatus enumeration](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.subscriptions.subscriptionstatus).
3. After the change is made, use your **IAggregatePartner.Customers** collection and call the **ById()** method.
4. Call the [**Subscriptions**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.subscriptions) property, followed by the [**ById()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscriptioncollection.byid) method.
5. Call the **Patch()** method.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// var selectedCustomerId as string;
// Subscription selectedSubscription;

selectedSubscription.Status = SubscriptionStatus.Deleted;
var updatedSubscription = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Subscriptions.ById(selectedSubscription.Id).Patch(selectedSubscription);
```

### Sample console test app

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: PartnerSDK.FeatureSample **Class**: UpdateSubscription.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method    | Request URI                                                                                                                |
|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **PATCH** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/subscriptions/{id-for-subscription} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

This table lists the required query parameter to suspend the subscription.

| Name                    | Type     | Required | Description                               |
|-------------------------|----------|----------|-------------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id**  | **guid** | Y        | A GUID corresponding to the customer.     |
| **id-for-subscription** | **guid** | Y        | A GUID corresponding to the subscription. |

### Request headers

- See [Headers](headers.md) for more information.

### Request body

A full **Subscription** resource is required in the request body. Ensure that the **Status** property has been updated.

### Request example

```http
PATCH https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/<customer-tenant-id>/subscriptions/<id-for-subscription> HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: ca7c39f7-1a80-43bc-90d8-ee7d1cad3831
MS-CorrelationId: ec8f62e5-1d92-47e9-8d5d-1924af105f2c
If-Match: <etag>
Content-Type: application/json
Content-Length: 1029
Expect: 100-continue
Connection: Keep-Alive

{
    "id": "6e7aa601-629e-461b-8933-0898c3cc3c7c",
    "offerId": "DZH318Z0BXWC:0001:DZH318Z0BMJX",
    "offerName": "offer Name",
    "friendlyName": "friendly Name",
    "quantity": 1,
    "unitType": "License(s)",
    "hasPurchasableAddons": false,
    "creationDate": "2019-01-04T01:00:12.6647304Z",
    "effectiveStartDate": "2019-01-09T00:21:45.9263727+00:00",
    "commitmentEndDate": "2019-02-08T00:21:45.9263727+00:00",
    "status": "deleted",
    "autoRenewEnabled": false,
    "isTrial": false,
    "billingType": "license",
    "billingCycle": "monthly",
    "termDuration": "P1M",
    "refundOptions": [{
        "type": "Full",
        "expiresAt": "2019-01-10T00:21:45.9263727+00:00"
    }],
    "isMicrosoftProduct": false,
    "partnerId": "",
    "contractType": "subscription",
    "publisherName": "publisher Name",
    "orderId": "ImxjLNL4_fOc-2KoyOxGTZcrlIquzls11",
    "attributes": {"objectType": "Subscription"},
}
```

## REST Response

If successful, this method returns deleted [Subscription](subscription-resources.md) resource properties in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 1322
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-RequestId: ca7c39f7-1a80-43bc-90d8-ee7d1cad3831
MS-CorrelationId: ec8f62e5-1d92-47e9-8d5d-1924af105f2c
X-Locale: en-US

{
    "id": "6e7aa601-629e-461b-8933-0898c3cc3c7c",
    "offerId": "DZH318Z0BXWC:0001:DZH318Z0BMJX",
    "offerName": "offer Name",
    "friendlyName": "friendly Name",
    "quantity": 1,
    "unitType": "License(s)",
    "hasPurchasableAddons": false,
    "creationDate": "2019-01-04T01:00:12.6647304Z",
    "effectiveStartDate": "2019-01-09T00:21:45.9263727+00:00",
    "commitmentEndDate": "2019-02-08T00:21:45.9263727+00:00",
    "status": "deleted",
    "autoRenewEnabled": false,
    "isTrial": false,
    "billingType": "license",
    "billingCycle": "monthly",
    "termDuration": "P1M",
    "refundOptions": [
        {
            "type": "Full",
            "expiresAt": "2019-01-10T00:21:45.9263727+00:00"
        }
    ],
    "isMicrosoftProduct": false,
    "partnerId": "",
    "contractType": "subscription",
    "links": {
        "product": {
            "uri": "/products/DZH318Z0BXWC?country=US",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        },
        "sku": {
            "uri": "/products/DZH318Z0BXWC/skus/0001?country=US",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        },
        "availability": {
            "uri": "/products/DZH318Z0BXWC/skus/0001/availabilities/DZH318Z0BMJX?country=US",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        },
        "self": {
            "uri": "/customers/5921f00a-32c0-4457-aaa1-e8018c650895/subscriptions/6e7aa601-629e-461b-8933-0898c3cc3c7c",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "publisherName": "publishe rName",
    "orderId": "ImxjLNL4_fOc-2KoyOxGTZcrlIquzls11",
    "attributes": {
        "etag": "",
        "objectType": "Subscription"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Change Azure Marketplace to commercial marketplace

develop/cancel-an-azure-marketplace-subscription.md, after:

---
title: Cancel a commercial marketplace subscription
description: Cancel a commercial marketplace Subscription resource that matches a customer and subscription ID.
ms.assetid: 
ms.date: 08/16/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Cancel a commercial marketplace subscription

Applies to:

- Partner Center

You can cancel a commercial marketplace [subscription](subscription-resources.md) resource that matches the customer and subscription ID.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.
- A customer ID (**customer-tenant-id**). If you do not have a customer's ID, you can look up the ID in Partner Center by choosing the customer from the customers list, selecting Account, then saving their Microsoft ID.
- A subscription ID.

## Partner Center dashboard method

To cancel a commercial marketplace subscription in the Partner Center dashboard:

1. [Select a customer](get-a-customer-by-name.md).
2. Select the subscription that you wish to cancel.
3. Choose the **Cancel subscription** option, then select **Submit**.

## C#

To cancel a customer's subscription:

1. [Get the subscription by ID](get-a-subscription-by-id.md).
2. Change the subscription's [**Status**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.subscriptions.subscription.status) property. For information on **Status** codes, see [SubscriptionStatus enumeration](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.subscriptions.subscriptionstatus).
3. After the change is made, use your **IAggregatePartner.Customers** collection and call the **ById()** method.
4. Call the [**Subscriptions**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.subscriptions) property, followed by the [**ById()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscriptioncollection.byid) method.
5. Call the **Patch()** method.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// var selectedCustomerId as string;
// Subscription selectedSubscription;

selectedSubscription.Status = SubscriptionStatus.Deleted;
var updatedSubscription = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Subscriptions.ById(selectedSubscription.Id).Patch(selectedSubscription);
```

### Sample console test app

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: PartnerSDK.FeatureSample **Class**: UpdateSubscription.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method    | Request URI                                                                                                                |
|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **PATCH** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/subscriptions/{id-for-subscription} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

This table lists the required query parameter to suspend the subscription.

| Name                    | Type     | Required | Description                               |
|-------------------------|----------|----------|-------------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id**  | **guid** | Y        | A GUID corresponding to the customer.     |
| **id-for-subscription** | **guid** | Y        | A GUID corresponding to the subscription. |

### Request headers

- See [Headers](headers.md) for more information.

### Request body

A full **Subscription** resource is required in the request body. Ensure that the **Status** property has been updated.

### Request example

```http
PATCH https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/<customer-tenant-id>/subscriptions/<id-for-subscription> HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: ca7c39f7-1a80-43bc-90d8-ee7d1cad3831
MS-CorrelationId: ec8f62e5-1d92-47e9-8d5d-1924af105f2c
If-Match: <etag>
Content-Type: application/json
Content-Length: 1029
Expect: 100-continue
Connection: Keep-Alive

{
    "id": "6e7aa601-629e-461b-8933-0898c3cc3c7c",
    "offerId": "DZH318Z0BXWC:0001:DZH318Z0BMJX",
    "offerName": "offer Name",
    "friendlyName": "friendly Name",
    "quantity": 1,
    "unitType": "License(s)",
    "hasPurchasableAddons": false,
    "creationDate": "2019-01-04T01:00:12.6647304Z",
    "effectiveStartDate": "2019-01-09T00:21:45.9263727+00:00",
    "commitmentEndDate": "2019-02-08T00:21:45.9263727+00:00",
    "status": "deleted",
    "autoRenewEnabled": false,
    "isTrial": false,
    "billingType": "license",
    "billingCycle": "monthly",
    "termDuration": "P1M",
    "refundOptions": [{
        "type": "Full",
        "expiresAt": "2019-01-10T00:21:45.9263727+00:00"
    }],
    "isMicrosoftProduct": false,
    "partnerId": "",
    "contractType": "subscription",
    "publisherName": "publisher Name",
    "orderId": "ImxjLNL4_fOc-2KoyOxGTZcrlIquzls11",
    "attributes": {"objectType": "Subscription"},
}
```

## REST Response

If successful, this method returns deleted [Subscription](subscription-resources.md) resource properties in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 1322
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-RequestId: ca7c39f7-1a80-43bc-90d8-ee7d1cad3831
MS-CorrelationId: ec8f62e5-1d92-47e9-8d5d-1924af105f2c
X-Locale: en-US

{
    "id": "6e7aa601-629e-461b-8933-0898c3cc3c7c",
    "offerId": "DZH318Z0BXWC:0001:DZH318Z0BMJX",
    "offerName": "offer Name",
    "friendlyName": "friendly Name",
    "quantity": 1,
    "unitType": "License(s)",
    "hasPurchasableAddons": false,
    "creationDate": "2019-01-04T01:00:12.6647304Z",
    "effectiveStartDate": "2019-01-09T00:21:45.9263727+00:00",
    "commitmentEndDate": "2019-02-08T00:21:45.9263727+00:00",
    "status": "deleted",
    "autoRenewEnabled": false,
    "isTrial": false,
    "billingType": "license",
    "billingCycle": "monthly",
    "termDuration": "P1M",
    "refundOptions": [
        {
            "type": "Full",
            "expiresAt": "2019-01-10T00:21:45.9263727+00:00"
        }
    ],
    "isMicrosoftProduct": false,
    "partnerId": "",
    "contractType": "subscription",
    "links": {
        "product": {
            "uri": "/products/DZH318Z0BXWC?country=US",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        },
        "sku": {
            "uri": "/products/DZH318Z0BXWC/skus/0001?country=US",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        },
        "availability": {
            "uri": "/products/DZH318Z0BXWC/skus/0001/availabilities/DZH318Z0BMJX?country=US",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        },
        "self": {
            "uri": "/customers/5921f00a-32c0-4457-aaa1-e8018c650895/subscriptions/6e7aa601-629e-461b-8933-0898c3cc3c7c",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "publisherName": "publishe rName",
    "orderId": "ImxjLNL4_fOc-2KoyOxGTZcrlIquzls11",
    "attributes": {
        "etag": "",
        "objectType": "Subscription"
    }
}
```
