develop/create-subscription-azure-marketplace-products.md, before:

---
title: Create a subscription for Azure Marketplace products 
description: Developers can create and manage a subscription for Azure Marketplace products using Partner Center APIs.
ms.assetid: 
ms.date: 06/24/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Create a subscription for Azure Marketplace products

Applies to:

* Partner Center

You can create a subscription for Azure Marketplace products using Partner Center APIs. You must [get a list of offers for a market](#get-a-list-of-offers-for-a-market), [create and submit an order](#create-and-submit-an-order) for an Azure Marketplace subscription, then [retrieve an activation link](#get-activation-link).

You can also [perform lifecycle management](#lifecycle-management) and [manage invoices](#invoice-and-reconciliation) for these subscriptions.

## Prerequisites

* [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md) credentials. This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.
* The customer identifier. If you don't have a customer's identifier: sign in to Partner Center, choose the customer from the customers list, select **Account**, then save their **Microsoft ID**.

## Get a list of offers for a market

You can check the available offers for a market using the following Partner Center API models:

* **[Product](product-resources.md#product)**: A grouping construct for purchasable goods or services. A product itself is not a purchasable item.
* **[SKU](product-resources.md#sku)**: A purchasable Stock Keeping Unit (SKU) under a product. These represent the different shapes of the product.
* **[Availability](product-resources.md#availability)**: A configuration in which a SKU is available for purchase (such as country, currency or industry segment).

Before you purchase an Azure reservation, complete the following steps:

1. Identify and retrieve the product and SKU that you want to purchase. If you already know the Product ID and SKU ID, select them.

    * [Get a list of products](get-a-list-of-products.md)
    * [Get a product using the product ID](get-a-product-by-id.md)
    * [Get a list of SKUs for a product](get-a-list-of-skus-for-a-product.md)
    * [Get a SKU using the SKU ID](get-a-sku-by-id.md)

    > [!NOTE]
    > You can identify Azure Marketplace products by their **ProductType** property of **"Azure"** and their **SubType** property of **"SaaS"**.

2. If the SKUs are tagged with an **InventoryCheck** prerequisite, [check the inventory for a SKU](check-inventory.md).

    > [!NOTE]
    > At this time, there are no Azure Marketplace products that support inventory check or are tagged with an **InventoryCheck** prerequisite.

3. Retrieve the availability for the SKU. You will need the **CatalogItemId** of the availability when placing the order, which you can retrieve through the following APIs:

    * [Get a list of availabilities for a SKU](get-a-list-of-availabilities-for-a-sku.md)
    * [Get an availability using the availability ID](get-an-availability-by-id.md)

## Create and submit an order

To submit your Azure reservation order, do the following:

1. [Create a cart](create-a-cart.md) to hold the collection of catalog items that you intend to buy. When you create a [cart](cart-resources.md#cart), the [cart line items](cart-resources.md#cartlineitem) are automatically grouped based on what can be purchased together in the same [order](order-resources.md#order). (You can also [update a cart](update-a-cart.md).)
2. [Check out the cart](checkout-a-cart.md), which results in the creation of an [order](order-resources.md#order).

### Get order details

You can [retrieve the details of an individual order using the order ID](get-an-order-by-id.md). You can also [retrieve a list of all orders for a specific customer](get-all-of-a-customer-s-orders.md).

> [!NOTE]
> After an order is submitted, there is a delay of up to 15 minutes before the order appears in that customer's order list.

## Get activation link

The partner or customer must activate subscriptions to Azure Markeplace products. You can [get an activation link by order line item](get-activation-link-by-order-line-item.md). You can also [get a subscription by ID](get-a-subscription-by-id.md), then enumerate its **Links** property to create an activation link.

## Lifecycle management

You can manage the lifecycle of your subscriptions to Azure Marketplace products using the following methods:

* [Cancel an Azure Marketplace subscription](cancel-an-azure-marketplace-subscription.md)
* [Enable or disable autorenew for an Azure Marketplace subscription](update-autorenew-for-an-azure-marketplace-subscription.md)

## Quantity management

The quantity of an Azure Marketplace subscription must be within the limits defined by its associated [SKU](product-resources.md#sku) (see the **minimumQuantity** and **maximumQuantity** attributes). To update the quantity of an Azure marketplace subscription, use the following method:

* [Change the quantity of a subscription](change-the-quantity-of-a-subscription.md)

## Invoice and reconciliation

You can manage customer [invoices](invoice-resources.md) (including charges for subscriptions to Azure Marketplace products) using the following methods:

* [Get invoice billed Azure Marketplace consumption line items](get-invoice-billed-consumption-lineitems.md)
* [Get invoice estimate links](get-invoice-estimate-links.md)
* [Get invoice unbilled Azure Marketplace consumption line items](get-invoice-unbilled-consumption-lineitems.md)
* [Get invoice unbilled reconciliation line items](get-invoice-unbilled-recon-lineitems.md)

Commit message:

Change Azure Marketplace to commercial marketplace

develop/create-subscription-azure-marketplace-products.md, after:

---
title: Create a subscription for commercial marketplace products 
description: Developers can create and manage a subscription for commercial marketplace products using Partner Center APIs.
ms.assetid: 
ms.date: 08/16/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Create a subscription for commercial marketplace products

Applies to:

* Partner Center

You can create a subscription for commercial marketplace products using Partner Center APIs. You must [get a list of offers for a market](#get-a-list-of-offers-for-a-market), [create and submit an order](#create-and-submit-an-order) for a commercial marketplace subscription, then [retrieve an activation link](#get-activation-link).

You can also [perform lifecycle management](#lifecycle-management) and [manage invoices](#invoice-and-reconciliation) for these subscriptions.

## Prerequisites

* [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md) credentials. This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.
* The customer identifier. If you don't have a customer's identifier: sign in to Partner Center, choose the customer from the customers list, select **Account**, then save their **Microsoft ID**.

## Get a list of offers for a market

You can check the available offers for a market using the following Partner Center API models:

* **[Product](product-resources.md#product)**: A grouping construct for purchasable goods or services. A product itself is not a purchasable item.
* **[SKU](product-resources.md#sku)**: A purchasable Stock Keeping Unit (SKU) under a product. These represent the different shapes of the product.
* **[Availability](product-resources.md#availability)**: A configuration in which a SKU is available for purchase (such as country, currency or industry segment).

Before you purchase an Azure reservation, complete the following steps:

1. Identify and retrieve the product and SKU that you want to purchase. If you already know the Product ID and SKU ID, select them.

    * [Get a list of products](get-a-list-of-products.md)
    * [Get a product using the product ID](get-a-product-by-id.md)
    * [Get a list of SKUs for a product](get-a-list-of-skus-for-a-product.md)
    * [Get a SKU using the SKU ID](get-a-sku-by-id.md)

    > [!NOTE]
    > You can identify commercial marketplace products by their **ProductType** property of **"Azure"** and their **SubType** property of **"SaaS"**.

2. If the SKUs are tagged with an **InventoryCheck** prerequisite, [check the inventory for a SKU](check-inventory.md).

    > [!NOTE]
    > At this time, there are no commercial marketplace products that support inventory check or are tagged with an **InventoryCheck** prerequisite.

3. Retrieve the availability for the SKU. You will need the **CatalogItemId** of the availability when placing the order, which you can retrieve through the following APIs:

    * [Get a list of availabilities for a SKU](get-a-list-of-availabilities-for-a-sku.md)
    * [Get an availability using the availability ID](get-an-availability-by-id.md)

## Create and submit an order

To submit your Azure reservation order, do the following:

1. [Create a cart](create-a-cart.md) to hold the collection of catalog items that you intend to buy. When you create a [cart](cart-resources.md#cart), the [cart line items](cart-resources.md#cartlineitem) are automatically grouped based on what can be purchased together in the same [order](order-resources.md#order). (You can also [update a cart](update-a-cart.md).)
2. [Check out the cart](checkout-a-cart.md), which results in the creation of an [order](order-resources.md#order).

### Get order details

You can [retrieve the details of an individual order using the order ID](get-an-order-by-id.md). You can also [retrieve a list of all orders for a specific customer](get-all-of-a-customer-s-orders.md).

> [!NOTE]
> After an order is submitted, there is a delay of up to 15 minutes before the order appears in that customer's order list.

## Get activation link

The partner or customer must activate subscriptions to Azure Markeplace products. You can [get an activation link by order line item](get-activation-link-by-order-line-item.md). You can also [get a subscription by ID](get-a-subscription-by-id.md), then enumerate its **Links** property to create an activation link.

## Lifecycle management

You can manage the lifecycle of your subscriptions to commercial marketplace products using the following methods:

* [Cancel a commercial marketplace subscription](cancel-an-azure-marketplace-subscription.md)
* [Enable or disable autorenew for a commercial marketplace subscription](update-autorenew-for-an-azure-marketplace-subscription.md)

## Quantity management

The quantity of a commercial marketplace subscription must be within the limits defined by its associated [SKU](product-resources.md#sku) (see the **minimumQuantity** and **maximumQuantity** attributes). To update the quantity of a commercial marketplace subscription, use the following method:

* [Change the quantity of a subscription](change-the-quantity-of-a-subscription.md)

## Invoice and reconciliation

You can manage customer [invoices](invoice-resources.md) (including charges for subscriptions to commercial marketplace products) using the following methods:

* [Get invoice billed commercial marketplace consumption line items](get-invoice-billed-consumption-lineitems.md)
* [Get invoice estimate links](get-invoice-estimate-links.md)
* [Get invoice unbilled commercial marketplace consumption line items](get-invoice-unbilled-consumption-lineitems.md)
* [Get invoice unbilled reconciliation line items](get-invoice-unbilled-recon-lineitems.md)
