develop/delete-indirect-reseller-in-sandbox.md, before:

---
title: Delete Indirect Reseller in Sandbox
description: Provides information on deleting Sandbox Indirect Resellers and enabling end-to-end testing using APIs.
ms.date: 5/24/2021
ms.author: vijvala
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice: partnercenter-sdk
---

# Delete Indirect Reseller in Sandbox

This document shows how to delete Sandbox Indirect Providers and enable end-to-end testing using APIs.

**Applies to:** Partner Center | Partner Center operated by 21Vianet | Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany

> [!Important]
> This document describes features that are only allowed in the Sandbox environment for Indirect Model experiences.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center Authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials.

## Delete Sandbox Indirect Reseller through API

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method | Request URI                                                                             |
|------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **DELETE** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1//sandboxIndirectReseller/{resellerId} |

### Request headers

- This API is idempotent (it will not yield a different result if you call it multiple times)
- A request ID and correlation ID are required
- For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md)

### Request Example

DELETE https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/sandboxIndirectReseller/{resellerID}

```http
Authorization: Bearer
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 031160b2-b0b0-4d40-b2b1-aaa9bb84211d
MS-CorrelationId: 7c1f6619-c176-4040-a88f-2c71f3ba4533
```

###  Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
Content-Length: 0
MS-CorrelationId: 1438ea3d-b515-45c7-9ec1-27ee0cc8e6bd
MS-RequestId: 655890ba-4d2b-4d09-a95f-4ea1348686a5
Date: Wed, 16 Feb 2021 00:43:02 GMT
```

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and other debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center error codes](error-codes.md).

This method returns the following status success and error codes:

| HTTP Status Code                     | Error code     | Description                                      |
|--------------------------------------|----------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| 401                                  | 6002           | Unauthorized token or Not a Tip Provider Account |
| 403                                  | 6003           | Delete Sandbox IR is not allowed                 |
| 403                                  | 6004           | Create Sandbox IR operation not allowed          |
| 409                                  | 1003           | Conflict while creating tenant                   |

Commit message:

Adding delete section from create topic

develop/delete-indirect-reseller-in-sandbox.md, after:

---
title: Delete Indirect Reseller in Sandbox
description: Provides information on deleting Sandbox Indirect Resellers and enabling end-to-end testing using APIs.
ms.date: 5/24/2021
ms.author: vijvala
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice: partnercenter-sdk
---

# Delete Indirect Reseller in Sandbox

This document shows how to delete Sandbox Indirect Providers and enable end-to-end testing using APIs.

**Applies to:** Partner Center | Partner Center operated by 21Vianet | Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany

> [!Important]
> This document describes features that are only allowed in the Sandbox environment for Indirect Model experiences.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center Authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials.

## Sandbox Indirect Provider – Delete Sandbox Indirect Reseller 

This feature is only available in the Sandbox and gives Sandbox Indirect Providers an ability to create Sandbox Indirect Resellers.

1. Prerequisites for Deleting a Sandbox Indirect Reseller
    1. Suspend the subscriptions for each customer of Sandbox Indirect Reseller
    2. Delete all customers of Indirect Reseller
2. Limit of five Sandbox Indirect Resellers allowed per Sandbox Indirect Provider. Once the Sandbox Indirect reseller is deleted the quota will be reset.

## Delete Sandbox Indirect Reseller through API

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method | Request URI                                                                             |
|------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **DELETE** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1//sandboxIndirectReseller/{resellerId} |

### Request headers

- This API is idempotent (it will not yield a different result if you call it multiple times)
- A request ID and correlation ID are required
- For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md)

### Request Example

DELETE https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/sandboxIndirectReseller/{resellerID}

```http
Authorization: Bearer
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 031160b2-b0b0-4d40-b2b1-aaa9bb84211d
MS-CorrelationId: 7c1f6619-c176-4040-a88f-2c71f3ba4533
```

###  Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
Content-Length: 0
MS-CorrelationId: 1438ea3d-b515-45c7-9ec1-27ee0cc8e6bd
MS-RequestId: 655890ba-4d2b-4d09-a95f-4ea1348686a5
Date: Wed, 16 Feb 2021 00:43:02 GMT
```

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and other debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center error codes](error-codes.md).

This method returns the following status success and error codes:

| HTTP Status Code                     | Error code     | Description                                      |
|--------------------------------------|----------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| 401                                  | 6002           | Unauthorized token or Not a Tip Provider Account |
| 403                                  | 6003           | Delete Sandbox IR is not allowed                 |
| 403                                  | 6004           | Create Sandbox IR operation not allowed          |
| 409                                  | 1003           | Conflict while creating tenant                   |
