develop/get-a-list-of-subscriptions-by-order.md, before:

---
title: Get a list of subscriptions by order
description: Gets a collection of Subscription resources that correspond to a given order.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
author: amitravat
ms.author: amrava
---

# Get a list of subscriptions by order

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Gets a collection of [Subscription](subscription-resources.md) resources that correspond to a given order.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- An order ID.

## C\#

To get a list of subscriptions by order, use your **IAggregatePartner.Customers** collection and call the **ById()** method. Then call the [**Subscriptions**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.subscriptions) property, followed by the **ByOrder()** method. Finish by calling [**Get()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.genericoperations.ientireentitycollectionretrievaloperations-2.get) or [**GetAsync()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.genericoperations.ientireentitycollectionretrievaloperations-2.getasync).

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// var selectedCustomerId as string;
// string orderID;

ResourceCollection<Subscription> customerSubscriptions = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Subscriptions.ByOrder(orderID).Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: PartnerSDK.FeatureSample **Class**: SubscriptionsByOrder.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                                   |
|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/subscriptions?order\_id={id-for-order} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

This table lists the required query parameter to get all the subscriptions.

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                           |
|------------------------|----------|----------|---------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id** | **guid** | Y        | A GUID corresponding to the customer. |
| **id-for-order**       | **guid** | Y        | A GUID corresponding to the order.    |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/subscriptions?order_id={id-for-order} HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 16fee928-dc2c-412f-adbb-871f68babf16
MS-CorrelationId: c49004b1-224f-4d86-a607-6c8bcc52cfdd
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a collection of [Subscription](subscription-resources.md) resources in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 73754
Content-Type: application/json
MS-CorrelationId: c49004b1-224f-4d86-a607-6c8bcc52cfdd
MS-RequestId: 16fee928-dc2c-412f-adbb-871f68babf16
Date: Wed, 25 Nov 2015 05:50:45 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 37,
    "items": [{
        "id": "83ef9d05-4169-4ef9-9657-0e86b1eab1de",
        "entitlementId": "a356ac8c-e310-44f4-bf85-C7f29044af99",
        "friendlyName": "Myofferpurchase",
        "quantity": 1,
        "unitType": "none",
        "creationDate": "2015-11-25T06: 41: 12Z",
        "effectiveStartDate": "2015-11-24T08: 00: 00Z",
        "commitmentEndDate": "2016-12-12T08: 00: 00Z",
        "status": "active",
        "autoRenewEnabled": false,
        "billingType": "none",
        "contractType": "subscription",
        "links": {
            "offer": {
                "uri": "/v1/offers/0CCA44D6-68E9-4762-94EE-31ECE98783B9",
                "method": "GET",
                "headers": []
            },
            "self": {
                "uri": "/subscriptions?key=<key>",
                "method": "GET",
                "headers": []
            }
        },
        "orderId": "{id-for-order}",
        "attributes": {
            "etag": "<etag>",
            "objectType": "Subscription"
        }
    }],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/get-a-list-of-subscriptions-by-order.md, after:

---
title: Get a list of subscriptions by order
description: Gets a collection of Subscription resources that correspond to a given order.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
author: amitravat
ms.author: amrava
---

# Get a list of subscriptions by order

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Gets a collection of [Subscription](subscription-resources.md) resources that correspond to a given order.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- An order ID.

## C\#

To get a list of subscriptions by order, use your **IAggregatePartner.Customers** collection and call the **ById()** method. Then call the [**Subscriptions**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.subscriptions) property, followed by the **ByOrder()** method. Finish by calling [**Get()**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.genericoperations.ientireentitycollectionretrievaloperations-2.get) or [**GetAsync()**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.genericoperations.ientireentitycollectionretrievaloperations-2.getasync).

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// var selectedCustomerId as string;
// string orderID;

ResourceCollection<Subscription> customerSubscriptions = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Subscriptions.ByOrder(orderID).Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: PartnerSDK.FeatureSample **Class**: SubscriptionsByOrder.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                                   |
|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/subscriptions?order\_id={id-for-order} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

This table lists the required query parameter to get all the subscriptions.

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                           |
|------------------------|----------|----------|---------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id** | **guid** | Y        | A GUID corresponding to the customer. |
| **id-for-order**       | **guid** | Y        | A GUID corresponding to the order.    |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/subscriptions?order_id={id-for-order} HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 16fee928-dc2c-412f-adbb-871f68babf16
MS-CorrelationId: c49004b1-224f-4d86-a607-6c8bcc52cfdd
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a collection of [Subscription](subscription-resources.md) resources in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 73754
Content-Type: application/json
MS-CorrelationId: c49004b1-224f-4d86-a607-6c8bcc52cfdd
MS-RequestId: 16fee928-dc2c-412f-adbb-871f68babf16
Date: Wed, 25 Nov 2015 05:50:45 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 37,
    "items": [{
        "id": "83ef9d05-4169-4ef9-9657-0e86b1eab1de",
        "entitlementId": "a356ac8c-e310-44f4-bf85-C7f29044af99",
        "friendlyName": "Myofferpurchase",
        "quantity": 1,
        "unitType": "none",
        "creationDate": "2015-11-25T06: 41: 12Z",
        "effectiveStartDate": "2015-11-24T08: 00: 00Z",
        "commitmentEndDate": "2016-12-12T08: 00: 00Z",
        "status": "active",
        "autoRenewEnabled": false,
        "billingType": "none",
        "contractType": "subscription",
        "links": {
            "offer": {
                "uri": "/v1/offers/0CCA44D6-68E9-4762-94EE-31ECE98783B9",
                "method": "GET",
                "headers": []
            },
            "self": {
                "uri": "/subscriptions?key=<key>",
                "method": "GET",
                "headers": []
            }
        },
        "orderId": "{id-for-order}",
        "attributes": {
            "etag": "<etag>",
            "objectType": "Subscription"
        }
    }],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```
