develop/get-a-list-of-self-serve-policies.md, before:

---
title: Get a list of self-serve policies
description: How to get a collection of resources representing a customer's self-serve policies.
ms.date: 07/06/2020
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
author: amitravat
ms.author: amrava
---

# Get a list of self-serve policies

**Applies to:**

- Partner Center

This article describes how to get a collection of resources that represents self-serve policies for an entity.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials.

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                   |
|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/SelfServePolicy?entity_id={entity_id} HTTP/1.1 |

#### URI parameter

Use the following query parameter to get a list of customers.

| Name          | Type       | Required | Description                                        |
|---------------|------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------|
| **entity_id** | **string** | Y        | The entity identifier requesting access for. This will be the customer's tenant ID. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/SelfServePolicy?entity_id=0431a72c-7d8a-4393-b25e-ef63f5efb415 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 3705fc6d-4127-4a87-bdba-9658f73fe019
MS-CorrelationId: b12260fb-82de-4701-a25f-dcd367690645
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a collection of [SelfServePolicy](self-serve-policy-resources.md#selfservepolicy) resources in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For a full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 15650
Content-Type: application/json
MS-CorrelationId: b12260fb-82de-4701-a25f-dcd367690645
MS-RequestId: 3705fc6d-4127-4a87-bdba-9658f73fe019
Date: Fri, 20 Nov 2015 01:08:23 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 1,
    "items": [{
        "id": "634f6379-ad54-449b-9821-564f737158ab_0431a72c-7d8a-4393-b25e-ef63f5efb415",
        "selfServeEntity": {
            "selfServeEntityType": "customer",
            "tenantID": "0431a72c-7d8a-4393-b25e-ef63f5efb415"
        },
        "grantor": {
            "grantorType": "billToPartner",
            "tenantID": "634f6379-ad54-449b-9821-564f737158ab"
        },
        "permissions": [{
            "resource": "AzureReservedInstances",
            "action": "Purchase"
        }],
        "attributes": {
            "etag": "\"933523d1-3f63-4fc3-8789-5e21c02cdaed\"",
            "objectType": "SelfServePolicy"
        }
    }],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

adding SDK documentation of self serve policy

develop/get-a-list-of-self-serve-policies.md, after:

---
title: Get a list of self-serve policies
description: How to get a collection of resources representing a customer's self-serve policies.
ms.date: 07/06/2020
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
author: amitravat
ms.author: amrava
---

# Get a list of self-serve policies

**Applies to:**

- Partner Center

This article describes how to get a collection of resources that represents self-serve policies for an entity.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials.

## C\#

To get a list of all self serve policies:

1. Call the [**IAggregatePartner.SelfServePolicies**](/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.iselfservepoliciescollection) method with the entity identifier to retrieve an interface to operations on the policies.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

// All the operations executed on this partner operation instance will share the same correlation Id but will differ in request Id
IPartner scopedPartnerOperations = partnerOperations.With(RequestContextFactory.Instance.Create(Guid.NewGuid()));

// gets the self serve policies
var SelfServePolicies = scopedPartnerOperations.SelfServePolicies.Get(customerIdAsEntity);
```

For an example, see the following:

- Sample: [Console test app](console-test-app.md)
- Project: **PartnerSDK.FeatureSamples**
- Class: **GetSelfServePolicies.cs**

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                   |
|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/SelfServePolicy?entity_id={entity_id} HTTP/1.1 |

#### URI parameter

Use the following query parameter to get a list of customers.

| Name          | Type       | Required | Description                                        |
|---------------|------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------|
| **entity_id** | **string** | Y        | The entity identifier requesting access for. This will be the customer's tenant ID. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/SelfServePolicy?entity_id=0431a72c-7d8a-4393-b25e-ef63f5efb415 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 3705fc6d-4127-4a87-bdba-9658f73fe019
MS-CorrelationId: b12260fb-82de-4701-a25f-dcd367690645
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a collection of [SelfServePolicy](self-serve-policy-resources.md#selfservepolicy) resources in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For a full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 15650
Content-Type: application/json
MS-CorrelationId: b12260fb-82de-4701-a25f-dcd367690645
MS-RequestId: 3705fc6d-4127-4a87-bdba-9658f73fe019
Date: Fri, 20 Nov 2015 01:08:23 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 1,
    "items": [{
        "id": "634f6379-ad54-449b-9821-564f737158ab_0431a72c-7d8a-4393-b25e-ef63f5efb415",
        "selfServeEntity": {
            "selfServeEntityType": "customer",
            "tenantID": "0431a72c-7d8a-4393-b25e-ef63f5efb415"
        },
        "grantor": {
            "grantorType": "billToPartner",
            "tenantID": "634f6379-ad54-449b-9821-564f737158ab"
        },
        "permissions": [{
            "resource": "AzureReservedInstances",
            "action": "Purchase"
        }],
        "attributes": {
            "etag": "\"933523d1-3f63-4fc3-8789-5e21c02cdaed\"",
            "objectType": "SelfServePolicy"
        }
    }],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```
