develop/get-customers-of-an-indirect-reseller.md, before:

---
title: Get customers of an indirect reseller
description: How to get a list of the customers of an indirect reseller.
ms.date: 07/22/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
author: dineshvu
ms.author: dineshvu
---

# Get customers of an indirect reseller

**Applies To**

- Partner Center

How to get a list of the customers of an indirect reseller.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- The tenant identifier of the indirect reseller.

## C\#

To get a collection of customers that have a relationship with the specified indirect reseller, first instantiate a [**SimpleFieldFilter**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.simplefieldfilter) object to create the filter. You'll need to pass the [**CustomerSearchField.IndirectReseller**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.customers.customersearchfield) enumeration member converted to a string, and indicate [**FieldFilterOperation.StartsWith**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.fieldfilteroperation) as the type of filter operation. You'll also need to provide the tenant identifier of the indirect reseller to filter by.

Next, instantiate an [**iQuery**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.iquery) object to pass to the query by calling the [**BuildSimpleQuery**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.queryfactory.buildsimplequery) method and passing it the filter. BuildSimplyQuery is just one of the query types supported by the [**QueryFactory**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.queryfactory) class.

To execute the filter and get the result, first use [**IAggregatePartner.Customers**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.ipartner.customers) to get an interface to the partner's customer operations. Then call the [**Query**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.query) or [**QueryAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.queryasync) method.

To create an enumerator for traversing paged results, get the customer collection enumerator factory interface from the [**IAggregatePartner.Enumerators.Customers**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.enumerators.iresourcecollectionenumeratorcontainer.customers) property, and then call [**Create**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.factory.iresourcecollectionenumeratorfactory-1.create), as shown in the code below, passing the variable that holds the customer collection.

``` csharp
IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
string indirectResellerId;

// Create a filter.
var filter = new SimpleFieldFilter(
    CustomerSearchField.IndirectReseller.ToString(),
    FieldFilterOperation.StartsWith,
    indirectResellerId);

// Create an iQuery object to pass to the Query method.
var myQuery = QueryFactory.Instance.BuildSimpleQuery(filter);

// Get the collection of matching customers.
var customersPage = partnerOperations.Customers.Query(myQuery);

// Create a customer enumerator for traversing the customer pages.
var customersEnumerator = partnerOperations.Enumerators.Customers.Create(customersPage);
int pageNumber = 1;

while (customersEnumerator.HasValue)
{
    // Work with the current page.
     foreach (var c in customersEnumerator.Current.Items)
    {
        // Display customer tenant identifier and company name.
        Console.WriteLine(string.Format("{0} - {1}.",c.Id,c.CompanyProfile.CompanyName));
    }
    // Get the next page of customers.
    customersEnumerator.Next();
}
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md)**Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetCustomersOfIndirectReseller.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                   |
|---------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers?size={size}?filter={filter} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following query parameters to create the request.

| Name   | Type   | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
|--------|--------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| size   | int    | No       | The number of results to be displayed at one time. This parameter is optional.                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| filter | filter | Yes      | The query that filters the search. To retrieve customers for a specified indirect reseller, you must insert the indirect reseller identifier and include and encode the following string: {"Field":"IndirectReseller","Value":"{indirect reseller identifier}","Operator":"starts\_with"}. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example (encoded)

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers?size=0&filter=%7B%22Field%22%3A%22IndirectReseller%22%2C%22Value%22%3A%22484e548c-f5f3-4528-93a9-c16c6373cb59%22%2C%22Operator%22%3A%22starts_with%22%7D HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: aa04fb9d-c6b6-4754-8a6a-86e00cdd5ccb
MS-CorrelationId: b4e67a78-0692-45d1-b408-04b9178a8ac6
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

### Request example (decoded)

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers?size=0&filter={"Field":"IndirectReseller","Value":"484e548c-f5f3-4528-93a9-c16c6373cb59","Operator":"starts_with"} HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: aa04fb9d-c6b6-4754-8a6a-86e00cdd5ccb
MS-CorrelationId: b4e67a78-0692-45d1-b408-04b9178a8ac6
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains information about the reseller's customers.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 2273
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: b4e67a78-0692-45d1-b408-04b9178a8ac6
MS-RequestId: aa04fb9d-c6b6-4754-8a6a-86e00cdd5ccb
MS-CV: XI2/vIHmIEGVlGL9.0
MS-ServerId: 101112012
Date: Tue, 11 Apr 2017 23:31:28 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 2,
    "items": [{
            "id": "53eb21cb-6b2d-4ee5-9e92-27dfc927e93c",
            "companyProfile": {
                "tenantId": "53eb21cb-6b2d-4ee5-9e92-27dfc927e93c",
                "domain": "FourthCoffee137.onmicrosoft.com",
                "companyName": "FourthCoffee137",
                "links": {
                    "self": {
                        "uri": "/customers/53eb21cb-6b2d-4ee5-9e92-27dfc927e93c/profiles/company",
                        "method": "GET",
                        "headers": []
                    }
                },
                "attributes": {
                    "objectType": "CustomerCompanyProfile"
                }
            },
            "relationshipToPartner": "reseller",
            "links": {
                "self": {
                    "uri": "/customers/53eb21cb-6b2d-4ee5-9e92-27dfc927e93c",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                }
            },
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "Customer"
            }
        }, {
            "id": "3dfe847b-cad9-4fc1-86d3-cf16c2790087",
            "companyProfile": {
                "tenantId": "3dfe847b-cad9-4fc1-86d3-cf16c2790087",
                "domain": "WingtipToys1254789149.onmicrosoft.com",
                "companyName": "Wingtip Toys1254789149",
                "links": {
                    "self": {
                        "uri": "/customers/3dfe847b-cad9-4fc1-86d3-cf16c2790087/profiles/company",
                        "method": "GET",
                        "headers": []
                    }
                },
                "attributes": {
                    "objectType": "CustomerCompanyProfile"
                }
            },
            "relationshipToPartner": "reseller",
            "links": {
                "self": {
                    "uri": "/customers/3dfe847b-cad9-4fc1-86d3-cf16c2790087",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                }
            },
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "Customer"
            }
        },
    ],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/get-customers-of-an-indirect-reseller.md, after:

---
title: Get customers of an indirect reseller
description: How to get a list of the customers of an indirect reseller.
ms.date: 07/22/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
author: dineshvu
ms.author: dineshvu
---

# Get customers of an indirect reseller

**Applies To**

- Partner Center

How to get a list of the customers of an indirect reseller.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- The tenant identifier of the indirect reseller.

## C\#

To get a collection of customers that have a relationship with the specified indirect reseller, first instantiate a [**SimpleFieldFilter**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.simplefieldfilter) object to create the filter. You'll need to pass the [**CustomerSearchField.IndirectReseller**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.customers.customersearchfield) enumeration member converted to a string, and indicate [**FieldFilterOperation.StartsWith**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.fieldfilteroperation) as the type of filter operation. You'll also need to provide the tenant identifier of the indirect reseller to filter by.

Next, instantiate an [**iQuery**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.iquery) object to pass to the query by calling the [**BuildSimpleQuery**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.queryfactory.buildsimplequery) method and passing it the filter. BuildSimplyQuery is just one of the query types supported by the [**QueryFactory**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.queryfactory) class.

To execute the filter and get the result, first use [**IAggregatePartner.Customers**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.ipartner.customers) to get an interface to the partner's customer operations. Then call the [**Query**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.query) or [**QueryAsync**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.queryasync) method.

To create an enumerator for traversing paged results, get the customer collection enumerator factory interface from the [**IAggregatePartner.Enumerators.Customers**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.enumerators.iresourcecollectionenumeratorcontainer.customers) property, and then call [**Create**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.factory.iresourcecollectionenumeratorfactory-1.create), as shown in the code below, passing the variable that holds the customer collection.

``` csharp
IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
string indirectResellerId;

// Create a filter.
var filter = new SimpleFieldFilter(
    CustomerSearchField.IndirectReseller.ToString(),
    FieldFilterOperation.StartsWith,
    indirectResellerId);

// Create an iQuery object to pass to the Query method.
var myQuery = QueryFactory.Instance.BuildSimpleQuery(filter);

// Get the collection of matching customers.
var customersPage = partnerOperations.Customers.Query(myQuery);

// Create a customer enumerator for traversing the customer pages.
var customersEnumerator = partnerOperations.Enumerators.Customers.Create(customersPage);
int pageNumber = 1;

while (customersEnumerator.HasValue)
{
    // Work with the current page.
     foreach (var c in customersEnumerator.Current.Items)
    {
        // Display customer tenant identifier and company name.
        Console.WriteLine(string.Format("{0} - {1}.",c.Id,c.CompanyProfile.CompanyName));
    }
    // Get the next page of customers.
    customersEnumerator.Next();
}
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md)**Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetCustomersOfIndirectReseller.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                   |
|---------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers?size={size}?filter={filter} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following query parameters to create the request.

| Name   | Type   | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
|--------|--------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| size   | int    | No       | The number of results to be displayed at one time. This parameter is optional.                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| filter | filter | Yes      | The query that filters the search. To retrieve customers for a specified indirect reseller, you must insert the indirect reseller identifier and include and encode the following string: {"Field":"IndirectReseller","Value":"{indirect reseller identifier}","Operator":"starts\_with"}. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example (encoded)

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers?size=0&filter=%7B%22Field%22%3A%22IndirectReseller%22%2C%22Value%22%3A%22484e548c-f5f3-4528-93a9-c16c6373cb59%22%2C%22Operator%22%3A%22starts_with%22%7D HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: aa04fb9d-c6b6-4754-8a6a-86e00cdd5ccb
MS-CorrelationId: b4e67a78-0692-45d1-b408-04b9178a8ac6
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

### Request example (decoded)

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers?size=0&filter={"Field":"IndirectReseller","Value":"484e548c-f5f3-4528-93a9-c16c6373cb59","Operator":"starts_with"} HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: aa04fb9d-c6b6-4754-8a6a-86e00cdd5ccb
MS-CorrelationId: b4e67a78-0692-45d1-b408-04b9178a8ac6
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains information about the reseller's customers.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 2273
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: b4e67a78-0692-45d1-b408-04b9178a8ac6
MS-RequestId: aa04fb9d-c6b6-4754-8a6a-86e00cdd5ccb
MS-CV: XI2/vIHmIEGVlGL9.0
MS-ServerId: 101112012
Date: Tue, 11 Apr 2017 23:31:28 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 2,
    "items": [{
            "id": "53eb21cb-6b2d-4ee5-9e92-27dfc927e93c",
            "companyProfile": {
                "tenantId": "53eb21cb-6b2d-4ee5-9e92-27dfc927e93c",
                "domain": "FourthCoffee137.onmicrosoft.com",
                "companyName": "FourthCoffee137",
                "links": {
                    "self": {
                        "uri": "/customers/53eb21cb-6b2d-4ee5-9e92-27dfc927e93c/profiles/company",
                        "method": "GET",
                        "headers": []
                    }
                },
                "attributes": {
                    "objectType": "CustomerCompanyProfile"
                }
            },
            "relationshipToPartner": "reseller",
            "links": {
                "self": {
                    "uri": "/customers/53eb21cb-6b2d-4ee5-9e92-27dfc927e93c",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                }
            },
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "Customer"
            }
        }, {
            "id": "3dfe847b-cad9-4fc1-86d3-cf16c2790087",
            "companyProfile": {
                "tenantId": "3dfe847b-cad9-4fc1-86d3-cf16c2790087",
                "domain": "WingtipToys1254789149.onmicrosoft.com",
                "companyName": "Wingtip Toys1254789149",
                "links": {
                    "self": {
                        "uri": "/customers/3dfe847b-cad9-4fc1-86d3-cf16c2790087/profiles/company",
                        "method": "GET",
                        "headers": []
                    }
                },
                "attributes": {
                    "objectType": "CustomerCompanyProfile"
                }
            },
            "relationshipToPartner": "reseller",
            "links": {
                "self": {
                    "uri": "/customers/3dfe847b-cad9-4fc1-86d3-cf16c2790087",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                }
            },
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "Customer"
            }
        },
    ],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```
