develop/get-all-subscriptions-by-partner.md, before:

---
title: Get a customer's subscriptions by partner MPN ID
description: How to get a list of subscriptions provided by a given partner to a specified customer.
ms.date: 09/17/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
author: rbars
ms.author: rbars
---

# Get a customer's subscriptions by partner MPN ID

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

How to get a list of subscriptions provided by a given partner to a specified customer.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- A partner Microsoft Partner Network (MPN) identifier.

## C\#

To get a list of subscriptions provided by a given partner to a specified customer, first use the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to identify the customer. Then get an interface to customer subscription collection operations from the [**Subscriptions**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.subscriptions) property, and call the [**ByPartner**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscriptioncollection.bypartner) method with the MPN ID to identify the partner and retrieve an interface to partner subscription operations. Finally, call the [**Get**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.genericoperations.ientireentitycollectionretrievaloperations-2.get) or [**GetAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.genericoperations.ientireentitycollectionretrievaloperations-2.getasync) method to get the collection.

```csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string customerId;
// string partnerMpnId;

var customerSubscriptionsByMpnId = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(customerId).Subscriptions.ByPartner(partnerMpnId).Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetSubscriptionsByMpnid.cs

## Java

[!INCLUDE [Partner Center Java SDK support details](../includes/java-sdk-support.md)]

To get a list of subscriptions provided by a given partner to a specified customer, first use the **IAggregatePartner.getCustomers.byId** function with the customer ID to identify the customer. Then get an interface to customer subscription collection operations from the **getSubscriptions** function, and call the **byPartner** function with the MPN ID to identify the partner and retrieve an interface to partner subscription operations. Finally, call the **get** function to get the collection.

```java
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// String customerId;
// String partnerMpnId;

ResourceCollection<Subscription> customerSubscriptionsByMpnId = partnerOperations.getCustomers().byId(customerId).getSubscriptions().byPartner(partnerMpnId).get();
```

## PowerShell

[!INCLUDE [Partner Center PowerShell module support details](../includes/powershell-module-support.md)]

To get a list of subscriptions provided by a given partner to a specified customer, execute the [**Get-PartnerCustomerSubscription**](https://github.com/Microsoft/Partner-Center-PowerShell/blob/master/docs/help/Get-PartnerCustomerSubscription.md) command. Specify the customer ID to identify the customer using the **CustomerId** parameter, and populate the **MpnId** parameter with the MPN ID to identify the partner.

```powershell
# $customerId
# $partnerMpnId

Get-PartnerCustomerSubscription -CustomerId $customerId -MpnId $partnerMpnId
```

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI |
|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/subscriptions?mpn\_id={mpn-id} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameters

Use the following path and query parameters to identify the customer and partner.

| Name        | Type   | Required | Description                                                 |
|-------------|--------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id | string | Yes      | A GUID formatted string that identifies the customer.       |
| mpn-id      | int    | Yes      | A Microsoft Partner Network ID that identifies the partner. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/c501c3c4-d776-40ef-9ecf-9cefb59442c1/subscriptions?mpn_id=4847383 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: d0e38dfd-a2c5-4a14-ac06-12d30f0ec54e
MS-CorrelationId: e937630b-8341-4d70-8f73-450d32ee0189
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains the collection of [Subscription](subscription-resources.md) resources.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 985
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: e937630b-8341-4d70-8f73-450d32ee0189
MS-RequestId: d0e38dfd-a2c5-4a14-ac06-12d30f0ec54e
MS-CV: LdFhumtx6Ea0Kl5Z.0
MS-ServerId: 101112202
Date: Thu, 13 Apr 2017 20:58:08 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 1,
    "items": [{
            "id": "42226ED6-070A-4E0F-B80C-4CDFB3E97AA7",
            "offerId": "DB2E705F-B82A-4024-A3D5-D88E12F2DB35",
            "offerName": "Intune Device",
            "friendlyName": "new offer purchase",
            "quantity": 5,
            "unitType": "Licenses",
            "creationDate": "2017-04-10T23:02:26.02Z",
            "effectiveStartDate": "2017-04-10T00:00:00Z",
            "commitmentEndDate": "2018-05-07T00:00:00Z",
            "status": "active",
            "autoRenewEnabled": true,
            "isTrial": false,
            "billingType": "license",
            "billingCycle": "monthly",
            "partnerId": "4847383",
            "contractType": "subscription",
            "links": {
                "offer": {
                    "uri": "/offers/DB2E705F-B82A-4024-A3D5-D88E12F2DB35?country=US",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                },
                "self": {
                    "uri": "/customers/c501c3c4-d776-40ef-9ecf-9cefb59442c1/subscriptions/42226ED6-070A-4E0F-B80C-4CDFB3E97AA7",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                }
            },
            "orderId": "3EDDCAC6-63B2-4C40-B0B6-F47E18301492",
            "attributes": {
                "etag": "eyJpZCI6IjQyMjI2ZWQ2LTA3MGEtNGUwZi1iODBjLTRjZGZiM2U5N2FhNyIsInZlcnNpb24iOjF9",
                "objectType": "Subscription"
            }
        }
    ],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```

## See also

- [Partner Center Analytics - Resources](partner-center-analytics-resources.md)

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/get-all-subscriptions-by-partner.md, after:

---
title: Get a customer's subscriptions by partner MPN ID
description: How to get a list of subscriptions provided by a given partner to a specified customer.
ms.date: 09/17/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
author: rbars
ms.author: rbars
---

# Get a customer's subscriptions by partner MPN ID

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

How to get a list of subscriptions provided by a given partner to a specified customer.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- A partner Microsoft Partner Network (MPN) identifier.

## C\#

To get a list of subscriptions provided by a given partner to a specified customer, first use the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to identify the customer. Then get an interface to customer subscription collection operations from the [**Subscriptions**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.subscriptions) property, and call the [**ByPartner**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscriptioncollection.bypartner) method with the MPN ID to identify the partner and retrieve an interface to partner subscription operations. Finally, call the [**Get**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.genericoperations.ientireentitycollectionretrievaloperations-2.get) or [**GetAsync**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.genericoperations.ientireentitycollectionretrievaloperations-2.getasync) method to get the collection.

```csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string customerId;
// string partnerMpnId;

var customerSubscriptionsByMpnId = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(customerId).Subscriptions.ByPartner(partnerMpnId).Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetSubscriptionsByMpnid.cs

## Java

[!INCLUDE [Partner Center Java SDK support details](../includes/java-sdk-support.md)]

To get a list of subscriptions provided by a given partner to a specified customer, first use the **IAggregatePartner.getCustomers.byId** function with the customer ID to identify the customer. Then get an interface to customer subscription collection operations from the **getSubscriptions** function, and call the **byPartner** function with the MPN ID to identify the partner and retrieve an interface to partner subscription operations. Finally, call the **get** function to get the collection.

```java
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// String customerId;
// String partnerMpnId;

ResourceCollection<Subscription> customerSubscriptionsByMpnId = partnerOperations.getCustomers().byId(customerId).getSubscriptions().byPartner(partnerMpnId).get();
```

## PowerShell

[!INCLUDE [Partner Center PowerShell module support details](../includes/powershell-module-support.md)]

To get a list of subscriptions provided by a given partner to a specified customer, execute the [**Get-PartnerCustomerSubscription**](https://github.com/Microsoft/Partner-Center-PowerShell/blob/master/docs/help/Get-PartnerCustomerSubscription.md) command. Specify the customer ID to identify the customer using the **CustomerId** parameter, and populate the **MpnId** parameter with the MPN ID to identify the partner.

```powershell
# $customerId
# $partnerMpnId

Get-PartnerCustomerSubscription -CustomerId $customerId -MpnId $partnerMpnId
```

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI |
|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/subscriptions?mpn\_id={mpn-id} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameters

Use the following path and query parameters to identify the customer and partner.

| Name        | Type   | Required | Description                                                 |
|-------------|--------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id | string | Yes      | A GUID formatted string that identifies the customer.       |
| mpn-id      | int    | Yes      | A Microsoft Partner Network ID that identifies the partner. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/c501c3c4-d776-40ef-9ecf-9cefb59442c1/subscriptions?mpn_id=4847383 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: d0e38dfd-a2c5-4a14-ac06-12d30f0ec54e
MS-CorrelationId: e937630b-8341-4d70-8f73-450d32ee0189
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains the collection of [Subscription](subscription-resources.md) resources.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 985
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: e937630b-8341-4d70-8f73-450d32ee0189
MS-RequestId: d0e38dfd-a2c5-4a14-ac06-12d30f0ec54e
MS-CV: LdFhumtx6Ea0Kl5Z.0
MS-ServerId: 101112202
Date: Thu, 13 Apr 2017 20:58:08 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 1,
    "items": [{
            "id": "42226ED6-070A-4E0F-B80C-4CDFB3E97AA7",
            "offerId": "DB2E705F-B82A-4024-A3D5-D88E12F2DB35",
            "offerName": "Intune Device",
            "friendlyName": "new offer purchase",
            "quantity": 5,
            "unitType": "Licenses",
            "creationDate": "2017-04-10T23:02:26.02Z",
            "effectiveStartDate": "2017-04-10T00:00:00Z",
            "commitmentEndDate": "2018-05-07T00:00:00Z",
            "status": "active",
            "autoRenewEnabled": true,
            "isTrial": false,
            "billingType": "license",
            "billingCycle": "monthly",
            "partnerId": "4847383",
            "contractType": "subscription",
            "links": {
                "offer": {
                    "uri": "/offers/DB2E705F-B82A-4024-A3D5-D88E12F2DB35?country=US",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                },
                "self": {
                    "uri": "/customers/c501c3c4-d776-40ef-9ecf-9cefb59442c1/subscriptions/42226ED6-070A-4E0F-B80C-4CDFB3E97AA7",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                }
            },
            "orderId": "3EDDCAC6-63B2-4C40-B0B6-F47E18301492",
            "attributes": {
                "etag": "eyJpZCI6IjQyMjI2ZWQ2LTA3MGEtNGUwZi1iODBjLTRjZGZiM2U5N2FhNyIsInZlcnNpb24iOjF9",
                "objectType": "Subscription"
            }
        }
    ],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```

## See also

- [Partner Center Analytics - Resources](partner-center-analytics-resources.md)
