develop/get-subscription-provisioning-status.md, before:

---
title: Get subscription provisioning status
description: How to get the subscription provisioning status for a customer subscription.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Get subscription provisioning status

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

How to get the subscription provisioning status for a customer subscription.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- A subscription identifier.

- Delegated admin permissions on the subscription are required to perform this operation.

## C\#

To get the provisioning status of a subscription, begin by using the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to identify the customer. Then, get an interface to subscription operations by calling the [**Subscriptions.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customerusers.icustomerusercollection.byid) method with the subscription ID. Next, use the [**ProvisioningStatus**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscription.provisioningstatus) property to obtain an interface to the current subscription's provisioning status operations, and then call the [**Get**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscriptionprovisioningstatus.get) or [**GetAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscriptionprovisioningstatus.getasync) method to retrieve the [**SubscriptionProvisioningStatus**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.subscriptions.subscriptionprovisioningstatus) object.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations.
// string customerId;
// string subscriptionId;

// Retrieve a subscription's provisioning status.
var provisioningStatus = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(customerId).Subscriptions.ById(subscriptionID).ProvisioningStatus.Get();
```

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                                        |
|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/provisioningstatus HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameters

Use the following path parameters to identify the customer and subscription.

| Name            | Type   | Required | Description                                               |
|-----------------|--------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id     | string | Yes      | A GUID formatted string that identifies the customer.     |
| subscription-id | string | Yes      | A GUID formatted string that identifies the subscription. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/0c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1/subscriptions/34828C05-C16C-4D6F-9CFC-4D2650EF19A1/provisioningstatus HTTP/1.1
Accept: application/json, text/plain, */*
Authorization: Bearer <token>
MS-RequestId: d0e38dfd-a2c5-4a14-ac06-12d30f0ec54e
MS-CorrelationId: e937630b-8341-4d70-8f73-450d32ee0189
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains a [SubscriptionProvisioningStatus](subscription-resources.md#subscriptionprovisioningstatus) resource.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 177
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: e937630b-8341-4d70-8f73-450d32ee0189
MS-RequestId: d0e38dfd-a2c5-4a14-ac06-12d30f0ec54e
MS-CV: InswEQre402koceL.0
MS-ServerId: 030020344
Date: Thu, 20 Apr 2017 19:23:39 GMT

{
    "skuId": "6FD2C87F-B296-42F0-B197-1E91E994B900",
    "status": "success",
    "quantity": 5,
    "endDate": "2018-05-10T00:00:00Z",
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "SubscriptionProvisioningStatus"
    }
}
```

## Remarks

- During a license change assignment, the status field in [SubscriptionProvisioningStatus](subscription-resources.md#subscriptionprovisioningstatus) is set to "pending".

- The status field is updated every fifteen minutes.

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/get-subscription-provisioning-status.md, after:

---
title: Get subscription provisioning status
description: How to get the subscription provisioning status for a customer subscription.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Get subscription provisioning status

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

How to get the subscription provisioning status for a customer subscription.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- A subscription identifier.

- Delegated admin permissions on the subscription are required to perform this operation.

## C\#

To get the provisioning status of a subscription, begin by using the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to identify the customer. Then, get an interface to subscription operations by calling the [**Subscriptions.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customerusers.icustomerusercollection.byid) method with the subscription ID. Next, use the [**ProvisioningStatus**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscription.provisioningstatus) property to obtain an interface to the current subscription's provisioning status operations, and then call the [**Get**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscriptionprovisioningstatus.get) or [**GetAsync**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscriptionprovisioningstatus.getasync) method to retrieve the [**SubscriptionProvisioningStatus**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.subscriptions.subscriptionprovisioningstatus) object.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations.
// string customerId;
// string subscriptionId;

// Retrieve a subscription's provisioning status.
var provisioningStatus = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(customerId).Subscriptions.ById(subscriptionID).ProvisioningStatus.Get();
```

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                                        |
|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/provisioningstatus HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameters

Use the following path parameters to identify the customer and subscription.

| Name            | Type   | Required | Description                                               |
|-----------------|--------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id     | string | Yes      | A GUID formatted string that identifies the customer.     |
| subscription-id | string | Yes      | A GUID formatted string that identifies the subscription. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/0c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1/subscriptions/34828C05-C16C-4D6F-9CFC-4D2650EF19A1/provisioningstatus HTTP/1.1
Accept: application/json, text/plain, */*
Authorization: Bearer <token>
MS-RequestId: d0e38dfd-a2c5-4a14-ac06-12d30f0ec54e
MS-CorrelationId: e937630b-8341-4d70-8f73-450d32ee0189
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains a [SubscriptionProvisioningStatus](subscription-resources.md#subscriptionprovisioningstatus) resource.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 177
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: e937630b-8341-4d70-8f73-450d32ee0189
MS-RequestId: d0e38dfd-a2c5-4a14-ac06-12d30f0ec54e
MS-CV: InswEQre402koceL.0
MS-ServerId: 030020344
Date: Thu, 20 Apr 2017 19:23:39 GMT

{
    "skuId": "6FD2C87F-B296-42F0-B197-1E91E994B900",
    "status": "success",
    "quantity": 5,
    "endDate": "2018-05-10T00:00:00Z",
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "SubscriptionProvisioningStatus"
    }
}
```

## Remarks

- During a license change assignment, the status field in [SubscriptionProvisioningStatus](subscription-resources.md#subscriptionprovisioningstatus) is set to "pending".

- The status field is updated every fifteen minutes.
