develop/get-legal-business-profile.md, before:

---
title: Get the partner legal business profile
description: How to get a partner's legal business profile.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Get the partner legal business profile

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

How to get a partner's legal business profile.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

## C\#

To get the partner legal business profile, first get an interface to the collection of partner profile operations from the **IAggregatePartner.Profiles** property. Then, get the value of the **LegalBusinessProfile** property to retrieve an interface to legal business profile operations. Finally, call the [**Get**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.profiles.ilegalbusinessprofile.get) or the [**GetAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.profiles.ilegalbusinessprofile.getasync) method to retrieve the profile.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

var billingProfile = partnerOperations.Profiles.LegalBusinessProfile.Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetLegalBusinessProfile.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                    |
|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/profiles/legalbusiness HTTP/1.1 |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/profiles/legalbusiness?vettingVersion=Current HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 7391249f-cba0-467c-b026-7b3a60196422
MS-CorrelationId: 98a091a0-67db-4eeb-ae0d-7e8b2e39c1d2
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a **LegalBusinessProfile** object in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 1151
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 98a091a0-67db-4eeb-ae0d-7e8b2e39c1d2
MS-RequestId: 7391249f-cba0-467c-b026-7b3a60196422
MS-CV: MEgCpJUoGUeXG+4a.0
MS-ServerId: 030011719
Date: Tue, 21 Mar 2017 17:29:52 GMT

{
    "companyName": "Lucerne Publishing",
    "address": {
        "country": "US",
        "city": "Buffalo",
        "state": "NY",
        "addressLine1": "123 Main Street",
        "addressLine2": "",
        "postalCode": "98052",
        "firstName": "Gena",
        "lastName": "Soto",
        "phoneNumber": "4255550100"
    },
    "primaryContact": {
        "firstName": "Gena",
        "lastName": "Soto",
        "email": "gena@lucernepublishing.com",
        "phoneNumber": "4255550100"
    },
    "companyApproverAddress": {
        "country": "US",
        "city": "Buffalo",
        "state": "NY",
        "addressLine1": "123 Main Street",
        "addressLine2": "",
        "postalCode": "98052"
    },
    "companyApproverEmail": "gena@lucernepublishing.com",
    "vettingStatus": "authorized",
    "vettingSubStatus": "none",
    "profileType": "LegalBusinessProfile",
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/profiles/legalbusiness",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "LegalBusinessProfile"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/get-legal-business-profile.md, after:

---
title: Get the partner legal business profile
description: How to get a partner's legal business profile.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Get the partner legal business profile

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

How to get a partner's legal business profile.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

## C\#

To get the partner legal business profile, first get an interface to the collection of partner profile operations from the **IAggregatePartner.Profiles** property. Then, get the value of the **LegalBusinessProfile** property to retrieve an interface to legal business profile operations. Finally, call the [**Get**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.profiles.ilegalbusinessprofile.get) or the [**GetAsync**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.profiles.ilegalbusinessprofile.getasync) method to retrieve the profile.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

var billingProfile = partnerOperations.Profiles.LegalBusinessProfile.Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetLegalBusinessProfile.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                    |
|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/profiles/legalbusiness HTTP/1.1 |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/profiles/legalbusiness?vettingVersion=Current HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 7391249f-cba0-467c-b026-7b3a60196422
MS-CorrelationId: 98a091a0-67db-4eeb-ae0d-7e8b2e39c1d2
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a **LegalBusinessProfile** object in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 1151
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 98a091a0-67db-4eeb-ae0d-7e8b2e39c1d2
MS-RequestId: 7391249f-cba0-467c-b026-7b3a60196422
MS-CV: MEgCpJUoGUeXG+4a.0
MS-ServerId: 030011719
Date: Tue, 21 Mar 2017 17:29:52 GMT

{
    "companyName": "Lucerne Publishing",
    "address": {
        "country": "US",
        "city": "Buffalo",
        "state": "NY",
        "addressLine1": "123 Main Street",
        "addressLine2": "",
        "postalCode": "98052",
        "firstName": "Gena",
        "lastName": "Soto",
        "phoneNumber": "4255550100"
    },
    "primaryContact": {
        "firstName": "Gena",
        "lastName": "Soto",
        "email": "gena@lucernepublishing.com",
        "phoneNumber": "4255550100"
    },
    "companyApproverAddress": {
        "country": "US",
        "city": "Buffalo",
        "state": "NY",
        "addressLine1": "123 Main Street",
        "addressLine2": "",
        "postalCode": "98052"
    },
    "companyApproverEmail": "gena@lucernepublishing.com",
    "vettingStatus": "authorized",
    "vettingSubStatus": "none",
    "profileType": "LegalBusinessProfile",
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/profiles/legalbusiness",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "LegalBusinessProfile"
    }
}
```
