develop/get-invoice-receipt-statement.md, before:

---
title: Get invoice receipt statement
description: Retrieves an invoice receipt statement using invoice ID and the receipt ID.
ms.date: 02/11/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Get invoice receipt statement

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Retrieves an invoice receipt statement using invoice ID and the receipt ID.

## <span id="Prerequisites"/><span id="prerequisites"/><span id="PREREQUISITES"/>Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.
- A valid Invoice ID and a corresponding receipt ID.

## <span id="C_"/><span id="c_"/>C#

To get an invoice receipt statement by ID, starting with Partner Center SDK v1.11.0, use your **IPartner.Invoices** collection and call the **ById()** method using the invoice ID, then call the **Receipts** collection and call **ById()** then call the **Documents()** and **Statement()** methods to access the invoice receipt statement. Finally, call the **Get()** or **GetAsync()** methods.

``` csharp
// IPartner scopedPartnerOperations;
// string selectedInvoiceId;

var invoiceStatement = scopedPartnerOperations.Invoices.ById(selectedInvoiceId).Receipts.ById(selectedReceipt).Documents.Statement.Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: PartnerSDK.FeatureSample **Class**: GetInvoiceReceiptStatement.cs 

## <span id="Request"/><span id="request"/><span id="REQUEST"/>REST Request

**Request syntax**

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                            |
|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/invoices/{invoice-id}/receipts/{receipt-id}/documents/statement HTTP/1.1 |

**URI parameter**

Use the following query parameter to get the invoice receipt statement.

| Name       | Type   | Required | Description                                                                                    |
|------------|--------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| invoice-id | string | Yes      | The value is an invoice-id that allows the reseller to filter the results for a given invoice. |
| receipt-id | string | Yes      | The value is a receipt-id that allows the reseller to filter the receipts for a given invoice. |
 
**Request headers**

- See [Headers](headers.md) for more information.

**Request body**

None

**Request example**

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/invoices/<invoice-id>/receipts/<receipt-id>/documents/statement HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 8ac25aa5-9537-4b6d-b782-aa0c8e979e99
MS-CorrelationId: 57eb2ca7-755f-450f-9187-eae1e75a0114
```

## <span id="Response"/><span id="response"/><span id="RESPONSE"/>REST Response

If successful, this method returns a pdf stream in the response body.

**Response success and error codes**

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

**Response example**

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 195556
Content-Type: application/pdf
MS-CorrelationId: a1d6ab41-5a30-4643-898b-b30d65d3a0a1
MS-RequestId: cc1ba6db-ab26-404a-9196-712b6395f518
Date: Tue, 05 Feb 2019 04:08:23 GMT

{
    _content	{System.Net.Http.ByteArrayContent}	System.Net.Http.HttpContent {System.Net.Http.ByteArrayContent}
    _content	{byte[195556]}	byte[]
    _headers	{Content-Type: application/pdf Content-Disposition: attachment; filename=E-Tax-8602768.pdf}
}
```

Commit message:

Added important note about Taiwan tax receipts

develop/get-invoice-receipt-statement.md, after:

---
title: Get invoice receipt statement
description: Retrieves an invoice receipt statement using invoice ID and the receipt ID.
ms.date: 02/11/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Get invoice receipt statement

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Retrieves an invoice receipt statement using invoice ID and the receipt ID. 

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This feature is only applicable to Taiwan tax receipts.

## <span id="Prerequisites"/><span id="prerequisites"/><span id="PREREQUISITES"/>Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.
- A valid Invoice ID and a corresponding receipt ID.

## <span id="C_"/><span id="c_"/>C#

To get an invoice receipt statement by ID, starting with Partner Center SDK v1.11.0, use your **IPartner.Invoices** collection and call the **ById()** method using the invoice ID, then call the **Receipts** collection and call **ById()** then call the **Documents()** and **Statement()** methods to access the invoice receipt statement. Finally, call the **Get()** or **GetAsync()** methods.

``` csharp
// IPartner scopedPartnerOperations;
// string selectedInvoiceId;

var invoiceStatement = scopedPartnerOperations.Invoices.ById(selectedInvoiceId).Receipts.ById(selectedReceipt).Documents.Statement.Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: PartnerSDK.FeatureSample **Class**: GetInvoiceReceiptStatement.cs 

## <span id="Request"/><span id="request"/><span id="REQUEST"/>REST Request

**Request syntax**

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                            |
|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/invoices/{invoice-id}/receipts/{receipt-id}/documents/statement HTTP/1.1 |

**URI parameter**

Use the following query parameter to get the invoice receipt statement.

| Name       | Type   | Required | Description                                                                                    |
|------------|--------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| invoice-id | string | Yes      | The value is an invoice-id that allows the reseller to filter the results for a given invoice. |
| receipt-id | string | Yes      | The value is a receipt-id that allows the reseller to filter the receipts for a given invoice. |
 
**Request headers**

- See [Headers](headers.md) for more information.

**Request body**

None

**Request example**

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/invoices/<invoice-id>/receipts/<receipt-id>/documents/statement HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 8ac25aa5-9537-4b6d-b782-aa0c8e979e99
MS-CorrelationId: 57eb2ca7-755f-450f-9187-eae1e75a0114
```

## <span id="Response"/><span id="response"/><span id="RESPONSE"/>REST Response

If successful, this method returns a pdf stream in the response body.

**Response success and error codes**

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

**Response example**

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 195556
Content-Type: application/pdf
MS-CorrelationId: a1d6ab41-5a30-4643-898b-b30d65d3a0a1
MS-RequestId: cc1ba6db-ab26-404a-9196-712b6395f518
Date: Tue, 05 Feb 2019 04:08:23 GMT

{
    _content	{System.Net.Http.ByteArrayContent}	System.Net.Http.HttpContent {System.Net.Http.ByteArrayContent}
    _content	{byte[195556]}	byte[]
    _headers	{Content-Type: application/pdf Content-Disposition: attachment; filename=E-Tax-8602768.pdf}
}
```
