develop/get-all-of-a-customer-s-orders.md, before:

---
title: Get all of a customer's orders
description: Gets a collection of all the orders for a specified customer.
ms.assetid: DF1E52F6-1A3D-4B26-8BCC-6E429410C662
ms.author: v-thpr
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: partner-center
ms.technology: partner-center-sdk
---

# Get all of a customer's orders


**Applies To**

-   Partner Center
-   Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
-   Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
-   Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Gets a collection of all the orders for a specified customer.

## <span id="Prerequisites"></span><span id="prerequisites"></span><span id="PREREQUISITES"></span>Prerequisites


-   Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.
-   A customer ID (customer-tenant-id). If you do not have a customer's ID, you can look up the ID in Partner Center by choosing the customer from the customers list, selecting Account, then saving their Microsoft ID.

## <span id="C_"></span><span id="c_"></span>C#


To obtain a collection of all of a customer's orders, use your [**IAggregatePartner.Customers**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.ipartner.customers) collection and call the [**ById()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method. Then call the [**Orders**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.orders) property, followed by the [**Get()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.orders.iordercollection.get) or [**GetAsync()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.orders.iordercollection.getasync) methods.

```CSharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string selectedCustomerId;

var orders = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Orders.Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: PartnerSDK.FeatureSamples **Class**: GetOrders.cs

## <span id="REST_Request"></span><span id="rest_request"></span><span id="REST_REQUEST"></span>REST Request


**Request syntax**

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                   |
|---------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/orders HTTP/1.1  |

 

**URI parameter**

Use the following query parameter to get all orders.

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                                               |
|------------------------|----------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-tenant-id     | string   | Yes      | A GUID formatted string corresponding to the customer.    |

 

**Request headers**

-   See [Headers](headers.md) for more information.

**Request body**

None.

**Request example**

```
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 0e5fc923-8e3c-4560-9100-ce7283c3e081
MS-CorrelationId: 8a53b025-d5be-4d98-ab20-229d1813de76
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## <span id="REST_Response"></span><span id="rest_response"></span><span id="REST_RESPONSE"></span>REST Response


If successful, this method returns a collection of [Order](orders.md) resources in the response body.

**Response success and error codes**

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

**Response example**

```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 22463
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-RequestId: 0e5fc923-8e3c-4560-9100-ce7283c3e081
MS-CorrelationId: 8a53b025-d5be-4d98-ab20-229d1813de76
Date: Thu, 15 Mar 2018 20:44:40 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 2,
    "items": [
        {
            "id": "9qg-ErcO-4MPbPqq_3MIQaS7bn8W6HfG1",
            "referenceCustomerId": "b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a",
            "billingCycle": "one_time",
            "currencyCode": "USD",
            "lineItems": [
                {
                    "lineItemNumber": 0,
                    "offerId": "DZH318Z0BQ4B:000Z:DZH318Z0DSPL",
                    "friendlyName": "Reserved_VM_Instance_Standard_D1_AP_East_1_Year",
                    "quantity": 1,
                    "links": {
                        "sku": {
                            "uri": "/products/DZH318Z0BQ4B/skus/000Z?country=US",
                            "method": "GET",
                            "headers": []
                        }
                    }
                }
            ],
            "creationDate": "2018-03-15T02:17:15.6455674Z",
            "status": "pending",
            "links": {
                "provisioningStatus": {
                    "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders/9qg-ErcO-4MPbPqq_3MIQaS7bn8W6HfG1/provisioningstatus",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                },
                "self": {
                    "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders/9qg-ErcO-4MPbPqq_3MIQaS7bn8W6HfG1",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                }
            },
            "attributes": {
                 "objectType": "Order" 
            }
        },
        {
            "id": "eeba9d00-7b46-443a-917e-22887a8fc993",
            "referenceCustomerId": "b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a",
            "billingCycle": "monthly",
            "currencyCode": "USD",
            "lineItems": [
                {
                    "lineItemNumber": 0,
                    "offerId": "E59159FC-6F67-4599-B3CB-17FF4020F643",
                    "subscriptionId": "DB8C695B-1C3C-4C55-B697-771503DD46BF",
                    "friendlyName": "Azure Active Directory Premium P2",
                    "quantity": 1,
                    "links": {
                        "subscription": {
                            "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/subscriptions/DB8C695B-1C3C-4C55-B697-771503DD46BF",
                            "method": "GET",
                            "headers": []
                        },
                        "sku": {
                            "uri": "/products/84A661C4-E949-4BD2-A560-ED7766FCAF2B/skus/E59159FC-6F67-4599-B3CB-17FF4020F643",
                            "method": "GET",
                            "headers": []
                        },
                        "provisioningStatus": {
                            "uri": "/subscriptions/DB8C695B-1C3C-4C55-B697-771503DD46BF/provisioningstatus",
                            "method": "GET",
                            "headers": []
                        }
                    }
            ],
            "creationDate": "2018-03-06T17:37:05.253-08:00",
            "status": "completed",
            "links": {
                "self": {
                    "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders/eeba9d00-7b46-443a-917e-22887a8fc993",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                }
            },
            "attributes": {
                "etag": "eyJpZCI6ImVlYmE5ZDAwLTdiNDYtNDQzYS05MTdlLTIyODg3YThmYzk5MyIsInZlcnNpb24iOjF9",
                "objectType": "Order"
            }
        }
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
         "objectType": "Collection" 
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Made note about getting order details clearer.

develop/get-all-of-a-customer-s-orders.md, after:

---
title: Get all of a customer's orders
description: Gets a collection of all the orders for a specified customer.
ms.assetid: DF1E52F6-1A3D-4B26-8BCC-6E429410C662
ms.author: v-thpr
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: partner-center
ms.technology: partner-center-sdk
---

# Get all of a customer's orders


**Applies To**

-   Partner Center
-   Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
-   Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
-   Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Gets a collection of all the orders for a specified customer. Note that there is a delay of up to 15 minutes between the time an order is submitted and when it will appear in a collection of a customer's orders.​

## <span id="Prerequisites"></span><span id="prerequisites"></span><span id="PREREQUISITES"></span>Prerequisites


-   Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.
-   A customer ID (customer-tenant-id). If you do not have a customer's ID, you can look up the ID in Partner Center by choosing the customer from the customers list, selecting Account, then saving their Microsoft ID.

## <span id="C_"></span><span id="c_"></span>C#


To obtain a collection of all of a customer's orders, use your [**IAggregatePartner.Customers**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.ipartner.customers) collection and call the [**ById()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method. Then call the [**Orders**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.orders) property, followed by the [**Get()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.orders.iordercollection.get) or [**GetAsync()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.orders.iordercollection.getasync) methods.

```CSharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string selectedCustomerId;

var orders = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Orders.Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: PartnerSDK.FeatureSamples **Class**: GetOrders.cs

## <span id="REST_Request"></span><span id="rest_request"></span><span id="REST_REQUEST"></span>REST Request


**Request syntax**

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                   |
|---------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/orders HTTP/1.1  |

 

**URI parameter**

Use the following query parameter to get all orders.

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                                               |
|------------------------|----------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-tenant-id     | string   | Yes      | A GUID formatted string corresponding to the customer.    |

 

**Request headers**

-   See [Headers](headers.md) for more information.

**Request body**

None.

**Request example**

```
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 0e5fc923-8e3c-4560-9100-ce7283c3e081
MS-CorrelationId: 8a53b025-d5be-4d98-ab20-229d1813de76
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## <span id="REST_Response"></span><span id="rest_response"></span><span id="REST_RESPONSE"></span>REST Response


If successful, this method returns a collection of [Order](orders.md) resources in the response body.

**Response success and error codes**

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

**Response example**

```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 22463
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-RequestId: 0e5fc923-8e3c-4560-9100-ce7283c3e081
MS-CorrelationId: 8a53b025-d5be-4d98-ab20-229d1813de76
Date: Thu, 15 Mar 2018 20:44:40 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 2,
    "items": [
        {
            "id": "9qg-ErcO-4MPbPqq_3MIQaS7bn8W6HfG1",
            "referenceCustomerId": "b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a",
            "billingCycle": "one_time",
            "currencyCode": "USD",
            "lineItems": [
                {
                    "lineItemNumber": 0,
                    "offerId": "DZH318Z0BQ4B:000Z:DZH318Z0DSPL",
                    "friendlyName": "Reserved_VM_Instance_Standard_D1_AP_East_1_Year",
                    "quantity": 1,
                    "links": {
                        "sku": {
                            "uri": "/products/DZH318Z0BQ4B/skus/000Z?country=US",
                            "method": "GET",
                            "headers": []
                        }
                    }
                }
            ],
            "creationDate": "2018-03-15T02:17:15.6455674Z",
            "status": "pending",
            "links": {
                "provisioningStatus": {
                    "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders/9qg-ErcO-4MPbPqq_3MIQaS7bn8W6HfG1/provisioningstatus",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                },
                "self": {
                    "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders/9qg-ErcO-4MPbPqq_3MIQaS7bn8W6HfG1",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                }
            },
            "attributes": {
                 "objectType": "Order" 
            }
        },
        {
            "id": "eeba9d00-7b46-443a-917e-22887a8fc993",
            "referenceCustomerId": "b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a",
            "billingCycle": "monthly",
            "currencyCode": "USD",
            "lineItems": [
                {
                    "lineItemNumber": 0,
                    "offerId": "E59159FC-6F67-4599-B3CB-17FF4020F643",
                    "subscriptionId": "DB8C695B-1C3C-4C55-B697-771503DD46BF",
                    "friendlyName": "Azure Active Directory Premium P2",
                    "quantity": 1,
                    "links": {
                        "subscription": {
                            "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/subscriptions/DB8C695B-1C3C-4C55-B697-771503DD46BF",
                            "method": "GET",
                            "headers": []
                        },
                        "sku": {
                            "uri": "/products/84A661C4-E949-4BD2-A560-ED7766FCAF2B/skus/E59159FC-6F67-4599-B3CB-17FF4020F643",
                            "method": "GET",
                            "headers": []
                        },
                        "provisioningStatus": {
                            "uri": "/subscriptions/DB8C695B-1C3C-4C55-B697-771503DD46BF/provisioningstatus",
                            "method": "GET",
                            "headers": []
                        }
                    }
            ],
            "creationDate": "2018-03-06T17:37:05.253-08:00",
            "status": "completed",
            "links": {
                "self": {
                    "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders/eeba9d00-7b46-443a-917e-22887a8fc993",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                }
            },
            "attributes": {
                "etag": "eyJpZCI6ImVlYmE5ZDAwLTdiNDYtNDQzYS05MTdlLTIyODg3YThmYzk5MyIsInZlcnNpb24iOjF9",
                "objectType": "Order"
            }
        }
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
         "objectType": "Collection" 
    }
}
```
