develop/get-a-record-of-partner-center-activity-by-user.md, before:

---
title: Get a record of Partner Center activity
description: How to retrieve a record of operations, as performed by a partner user or application, over a period of time.
ms.date: 07/22/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Get a record of Partner Center activity

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

This article describes how to retrieve a record of operations that was performed by a partner user or application over a period of time.

Use this API to retrieve audit records for the previous 30 days from the current date, or for a date range specified by including the start date and/or the end date. Note, however, that for performance reasons activity log data availability is limited to the previous 90 days. Requests with a start date greater than 90 days prior to the current date will receive a bad request exception (error code: 400) and an appropriate message.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

## C\#

To retrieve a record of Partner Center operations, first establish the date range for the records you want to retrieve. The following code example only uses a start date, but you can also include an end date. For more information, see the [**Query**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.auditrecords.iauditrecordscollection.query) method. Next, create the variables you need for the type of filter you want to apply, and assign the appropriate values. For example, to filter by company name substring, create a variable to hold the substring. To filter by customer ID, create a variable to hold the ID.

In the following example, sample code is provided to filter by a company name substring, customer ID, or resource type. Choose one and comment out the others. In each case, you first instantiate a [**SimpleFieldFilter**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.simplefieldfilter) object using its default [**constructor**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.simplefieldfilter.-ctor) to create the filter. You'll need to pass a string that contains the field to search, and the appropriate operator to apply, as shown. You also must provide the string to filter by.

Next, use the [**AuditRecords**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.ipartner.auditrecords) property to get an interface to audit record operations, and call the [**Query**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.auditrecords.iauditrecordscollection.query) or [**QueryAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.auditrecords.iauditrecordscollection.queryasync) method to execute the filter and get the collection of [**AuditRecord's**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.auditing.auditrecord) that represent the first page of the result. Pass the method the start date, an optional end date not used in the example here, and an [**IQuery**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.iquery) object that represents a query on an entity. The IQuery object is created by passing the filter created above to the [**QueryFactory's**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.queryfactory) [**BuildSimpleQuery**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.queryfactory.buildsimplequery) method.

Once you have the initial page of items, use the [**Enumerators.AuditRecords.Create**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.factory.iresourcecollectionenumeratorfactory-1.create) method to create an enumerator that you can use to iterate through the remaining pages.

```csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

var startDate = new DateTime(DateTime.Now.Year, DateTime.Now.Month, 01);

// First perform the query, then get the enumerator. Choose one of the following and comment out the other two.

// To retrieve audit records by company name substring (for example "bri" matches "Fabrikam, Inc.").
var searchSubstring="bri";
var filter = new SimpleFieldFilter(AuditRecordSearchField.CompanyName.ToString(), FieldFilterOperation.Substring, searchSubstring);
var auditRecordsPage = partnerOperations.AuditRecords.Query(startDate.Date, query: QueryFactory.Instance.BuildSimpleQuery(filter));

// To retrieve audit records by customer ID.
var customerId="0c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1";
var filter = new SimpleFieldFilter(AuditRecordSearchField.CustomerId.ToString(), FieldFilterOperation.Equals, customerId);
var auditRecordsPage = partnerOperations.AuditRecords.Query(startDate.Date, query: QueryFactory.Instance.BuildSimpleQuery(filter));

// To retrieve audit records by resource type.
int resourceTypeInt = 3; // Subscription Resource.
string searchField = Enum.GetName(typeof(ResourceType), resourceTypeInt);
var filter = new SimpleFieldFilter(AuditRecordSearchField.ResourceType.ToString(), FieldFilterOperation.Equals, searchField);
var auditRecordsPage = partnerOperations.AuditRecords.Query(startDate.Date, query: QueryFactory.Instance.BuildSimpleQuery(filter));

var auditRecordEnumerator = partnerOperations.Enumerators.AuditRecords.Create(auditRecordsPage);

int pageNumber = 1;
while (auditRecordEnumerator.HasValue)
{
    // Work with the current page.
    foreach (var c in auditRecordEnumerator.Current.Items)
    {
        // Display some info, such as operation type, operation date, and operation status.
        Console.WriteLine(string.Format("{0} {1} {2}.", c.OperationType, c.OperationDate, c.OperationStatus));
    }

    // Get the next page of audit records.
    auditRecordEnumerator.Next();
}
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Folder**: Auditing

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/auditrecords?startDate={startDate} HTTP/1.1                                                                                                     |
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/auditrecords?startDate={startDate}&endDate={endDate} HTTP/1.1                                                                                   |
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/auditrecords?startDate={startDate}&endDate={endDate}&filter={"Field":"CompanyName","Value":"{searchSubstring}","Operator":"substring"} HTTP/1.1 |
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/auditrecords?startDate={startDate}&endDate={endDate}&filter={"Field":"CustomerId","Value":"{customerId}","Operator":"equals"} HTTP/1.1          |
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/auditrecords?startDate={startDate}&endDate={endDate}&filter={"Field":"ResourceType","Value":"{resourceType}","Operator":"equals"} HTTP/1.1      |

### URI parameter

Use the following query parameters when creating the request.

| Name      | Type   | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
|-----------|--------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| startDate | date   | No       | The start date in yyyy-mm-dd format. If none is provided, the result set will default to 30 days prior to the request date. This parameter is optional when a filter is supplied.                                          |
| endDate   | date   | No       | The end date in yyyy-mm-dd format. This parameter is optional when a filter is supplied. When the end date is omitted or set to null, the request returns the max window or uses today as the end date, whichever is less. |
| filter    | string | No       | The filter to apply. This parameter must be an encoded string. This parameter is optional when the start date or end date are supplied.                                                                                              |

### Filter syntax
You must compose the filter parameter as a series of comma separated, key-value pairs. Each key and value must be individually quoted and separated by a colon. The entire filter must be encoded.

An unencoded example looks like this:

```
?filter{"Field":"CompanyName","Value":"bri","Operator":"substring"}
```

The following table describes the required key-value pairs:

<table>
<colgroup>
<col width="50%" />
<col width="50%" />
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Key</th>
<th>Value</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Field</td>
<td>The field to filter. The supported values can be found in <a href="#rest-request">Request syntax</a>.</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Value</td>
<td>The value to filter by. The case of the value is ignored. The following value parameters are supported as shown in <a href="#rest-request">Request syntax</a>:
<ul>
<li><p>searchSubstring - Replace with the name of the company. You can enter a substring to match part of the company name (for example `bri` will match `Fabrikam, Inc`).</p>
<p>Example: &quot;Value&quot;:&quot;bri&quot;</p></li>
<li><p>customerId - Replace with a GUID formatted string that represents the customer identifier.</p>
<p>Example: &quot;Value&quot;:&quot;0c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1&quot;</p></li>
<li><p>resourceType - Replace with the type of resource for which to retrieve audit records (for example, Subscription). The available resource types are defined in <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.auditing.resourcetype"><strong>ResourceType</strong></a>.</p>
<p>Example: &quot;Value&quot;:&quot;Subscription&quot;</p></li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Operator</td>
<td>The operator to apply. The supported operators can be found in <a href="#rest-request">Request syntax</a>.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Request headers

- See [Parter Center REST headers](headers.md) for more information.

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/auditrecords?startDate=6/1/2017%2012:00:00%20AM&filter=%7B%22Field%22:%22CustomerId%22,%22Value%22:%220c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1%22,%22Operator%22:%22equals%22%7D HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 127facaa-e389-41f8-8bb7-1d1af99db893
MS-CorrelationId: de9c2ccc-40dd-4186-9660-65b9b64c3d14
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a set of activities that meet the filters.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 2859
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: de9c2ccc-40dd-4186-9660-65b9b64c3d14
MS-RequestId: 127facaa-e389-41f8-8bb7-1d1af99db893
MS-CV: 4xDKynq/zE2im0wj.0
MS-ServerId: 030011719
Date: Tue, 27 Jun 2017 22:19:46 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 2,
    "items": [{
            "partnerId": "3b33e682-00c3-41ee-9dd2-a548adf56438",
            "customerId": "0c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1",
            "customerName": "Relecloud",
            "userPrincipalName": "admin@domain.onmicrosoft.com",
            "resourceType": "order",
            "resourceNewValue": "{\"Id\":\"d51a052e-043c-4a2a-aa37-2bb938cef6c1\",\"ReferenceCustomerId\":\"0c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1\",\"BillingCycle\":\"none\",\"LineItems\":[{\"LineItemNumber\":0,\"OfferId\":\"C0BD2E08-11AC-4836-BDC7-3712E744922F\",\"SubscriptionId\":\"488745B5-2086-4912-802C-6ABB9F7C3638\",\"ParentSubscriptionId\":null,\"FriendlyName\":\"Office 365 Business Premium Trial\",\"Quantity\":25,\"PartnerIdOnRecord\":null,\"Links\":{\"Subscription\":{\"Uri\":\"/customers/0c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1/subscriptions/488745B5-2086-4912-802C-6ABB9F7C3638\",\"Method\":\"GET\",\"Headers\":[]}}}],\"CreationDate\":\"2017-06-15T15:56:04.077-07:00\",\"Links\":{\"Self\":{\"Uri\":\"/customers/0c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1/orders/d51a052e-043c-4a2a-aa37-2bb938cef6c1\",\"Method\":\"GET\",\"Headers\":[]}},\"Attributes\":{\"Etag\":\"eyJpZCI6ImQ1MWEwNTJlLTA0M2MtNGEyYS1hYTM3LTJiYjkzOGNlZjZjMSIsInZlcnNpb24iOjF9\",\"ObjectType\":\"Order\"}}",
            "operationType": "create_order",
            "operationDate": "2017-06-15T22:56:05.0589308Z",
            "operationStatus": "succeeded",
            "customizedData": [{
                    "key": "OrderId",
                    "value": "d51a052e-043c-4a2a-aa37-2bb938cef6c1"
                }, {
                    "key": "BillingCycle",
                    "value": "None"
                }, {
                    "key": "OfferId-0",
                    "value": "C0BD2E08-11AC-4836-BDC7-3712E744922F"
                }, {
                    "key": "SubscriptionId-0",
                    "value": "488745B5-2086-4912-802C-6ABB9F7C3638"
                }, {
                    "key": "SubscriptionName-0",
                    "value": "Office 365 Business Premium Trial"
                }, {
                    "key": "Quantity-0",
                    "value": "25"
                }, {
                    "key": "PartnerOnRecord-0",
                    "value": null
                }
            ],
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "AuditRecord"
            }
        }, {
            "partnerId": "3b33e682-00c3-41ee-9dd2-a548adf56438",
            "customerId": "0c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1",
            "customerName": "Relecloud",
            "userPrincipalName": "admin@domain.onmicrosoft.com",
            "applicationId": "Partner Center Native App",
            "resourceType": "license",
            "resourceNewValue": "{\"LicensesToAssign\":[{\"ExcludedPlans\":null,\"SkuId\":\"efccb6f7-5641-4e0e-bd10-b4976e1bf68e\"}],\"LicensesToRemove\":null,\"LicenseWarnings\":[],\"Attributes\":{\"ObjectType\":\"LicenseUpdate\"}}",
            "operationType": "update_customer_user_licenses",
            "operationDate": "2017-06-01T20:09:07.0450483Z",
            "operationStatus": "succeeded",
            "customizedData": [{
                    "key": "CustomerUserId",
                    "value": "482e2152-4b49-48ec-b715-823365ce3d4c"
                }, {
                    "key": "AddedLicenseSkuId",
                    "value": "efccb6f7-5641-4e0e-bd10-b4976e1bf68e"
                }
            ],
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "AuditRecord"
            }
        }
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/auditrecords?startDate=2017-06-01&size=500&filter=%7B%22Field%22%3A%22CustomerId%22%2C%22Value%22%3A%220c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1%22%2C%22Operator%22%3A%22equals%22%7D",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/get-a-record-of-partner-center-activity-by-user.md, after:

---
title: Get a record of Partner Center activity
description: How to retrieve a record of operations, as performed by a partner user or application, over a period of time.
ms.date: 07/22/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Get a record of Partner Center activity

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

This article describes how to retrieve a record of operations that was performed by a partner user or application over a period of time.

Use this API to retrieve audit records for the previous 30 days from the current date, or for a date range specified by including the start date and/or the end date. Note, however, that for performance reasons activity log data availability is limited to the previous 90 days. Requests with a start date greater than 90 days prior to the current date will receive a bad request exception (error code: 400) and an appropriate message.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

## C\#

To retrieve a record of Partner Center operations, first establish the date range for the records you want to retrieve. The following code example only uses a start date, but you can also include an end date. For more information, see the [**Query**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.auditrecords.iauditrecordscollection.query) method. Next, create the variables you need for the type of filter you want to apply, and assign the appropriate values. For example, to filter by company name substring, create a variable to hold the substring. To filter by customer ID, create a variable to hold the ID.

In the following example, sample code is provided to filter by a company name substring, customer ID, or resource type. Choose one and comment out the others. In each case, you first instantiate a [**SimpleFieldFilter**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.simplefieldfilter) object using its default [**constructor**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.simplefieldfilter.-ctor) to create the filter. You'll need to pass a string that contains the field to search, and the appropriate operator to apply, as shown. You also must provide the string to filter by.

Next, use the [**AuditRecords**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.ipartner.auditrecords) property to get an interface to audit record operations, and call the [**Query**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.auditrecords.iauditrecordscollection.query) or [**QueryAsync**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.auditrecords.iauditrecordscollection.queryasync) method to execute the filter and get the collection of [**AuditRecord's**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.auditing.auditrecord) that represent the first page of the result. Pass the method the start date, an optional end date not used in the example here, and an [**IQuery**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.iquery) object that represents a query on an entity. The IQuery object is created by passing the filter created above to the [**QueryFactory's**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.queryfactory) [**BuildSimpleQuery**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.queryfactory.buildsimplequery) method.

Once you have the initial page of items, use the [**Enumerators.AuditRecords.Create**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.factory.iresourcecollectionenumeratorfactory-1.create) method to create an enumerator that you can use to iterate through the remaining pages.

```csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

var startDate = new DateTime(DateTime.Now.Year, DateTime.Now.Month, 01);

// First perform the query, then get the enumerator. Choose one of the following and comment out the other two.

// To retrieve audit records by company name substring (for example "bri" matches "Fabrikam, Inc.").
var searchSubstring="bri";
var filter = new SimpleFieldFilter(AuditRecordSearchField.CompanyName.ToString(), FieldFilterOperation.Substring, searchSubstring);
var auditRecordsPage = partnerOperations.AuditRecords.Query(startDate.Date, query: QueryFactory.Instance.BuildSimpleQuery(filter));

// To retrieve audit records by customer ID.
var customerId="0c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1";
var filter = new SimpleFieldFilter(AuditRecordSearchField.CustomerId.ToString(), FieldFilterOperation.Equals, customerId);
var auditRecordsPage = partnerOperations.AuditRecords.Query(startDate.Date, query: QueryFactory.Instance.BuildSimpleQuery(filter));

// To retrieve audit records by resource type.
int resourceTypeInt = 3; // Subscription Resource.
string searchField = Enum.GetName(typeof(ResourceType), resourceTypeInt);
var filter = new SimpleFieldFilter(AuditRecordSearchField.ResourceType.ToString(), FieldFilterOperation.Equals, searchField);
var auditRecordsPage = partnerOperations.AuditRecords.Query(startDate.Date, query: QueryFactory.Instance.BuildSimpleQuery(filter));

var auditRecordEnumerator = partnerOperations.Enumerators.AuditRecords.Create(auditRecordsPage);

int pageNumber = 1;
while (auditRecordEnumerator.HasValue)
{
    // Work with the current page.
    foreach (var c in auditRecordEnumerator.Current.Items)
    {
        // Display some info, such as operation type, operation date, and operation status.
        Console.WriteLine(string.Format("{0} {1} {2}.", c.OperationType, c.OperationDate, c.OperationStatus));
    }

    // Get the next page of audit records.
    auditRecordEnumerator.Next();
}
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Folder**: Auditing

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/auditrecords?startDate={startDate} HTTP/1.1                                                                                                     |
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/auditrecords?startDate={startDate}&endDate={endDate} HTTP/1.1                                                                                   |
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/auditrecords?startDate={startDate}&endDate={endDate}&filter={"Field":"CompanyName","Value":"{searchSubstring}","Operator":"substring"} HTTP/1.1 |
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/auditrecords?startDate={startDate}&endDate={endDate}&filter={"Field":"CustomerId","Value":"{customerId}","Operator":"equals"} HTTP/1.1          |
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/auditrecords?startDate={startDate}&endDate={endDate}&filter={"Field":"ResourceType","Value":"{resourceType}","Operator":"equals"} HTTP/1.1      |

### URI parameter

Use the following query parameters when creating the request.

| Name      | Type   | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
|-----------|--------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| startDate | date   | No       | The start date in yyyy-mm-dd format. If none is provided, the result set will default to 30 days prior to the request date. This parameter is optional when a filter is supplied.                                          |
| endDate   | date   | No       | The end date in yyyy-mm-dd format. This parameter is optional when a filter is supplied. When the end date is omitted or set to null, the request returns the max window or uses today as the end date, whichever is less. |
| filter    | string | No       | The filter to apply. This parameter must be an encoded string. This parameter is optional when the start date or end date are supplied.                                                                                              |

### Filter syntax
You must compose the filter parameter as a series of comma separated, key-value pairs. Each key and value must be individually quoted and separated by a colon. The entire filter must be encoded.

An unencoded example looks like this:

```
?filter{"Field":"CompanyName","Value":"bri","Operator":"substring"}
```

The following table describes the required key-value pairs:

<table>
<colgroup>
<col width="50%" />
<col width="50%" />
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Key</th>
<th>Value</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Field</td>
<td>The field to filter. The supported values can be found in <a href="#rest-request">Request syntax</a>.</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Value</td>
<td>The value to filter by. The case of the value is ignored. The following value parameters are supported as shown in <a href="#rest-request">Request syntax</a>:
<ul>
<li><p>searchSubstring - Replace with the name of the company. You can enter a substring to match part of the company name (for example `bri` will match `Fabrikam, Inc`).</p>
<p>Example: &quot;Value&quot;:&quot;bri&quot;</p></li>
<li><p>customerId - Replace with a GUID formatted string that represents the customer identifier.</p>
<p>Example: &quot;Value&quot;:&quot;0c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1&quot;</p></li>
<li><p>resourceType - Replace with the type of resource for which to retrieve audit records (for example, Subscription). The available resource types are defined in <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.auditing.resourcetype"><strong>ResourceType</strong></a>.</p>
<p>Example: &quot;Value&quot;:&quot;Subscription&quot;</p></li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Operator</td>
<td>The operator to apply. The supported operators can be found in <a href="#rest-request">Request syntax</a>.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Request headers

- See [Parter Center REST headers](headers.md) for more information.

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/auditrecords?startDate=6/1/2017%2012:00:00%20AM&filter=%7B%22Field%22:%22CustomerId%22,%22Value%22:%220c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1%22,%22Operator%22:%22equals%22%7D HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 127facaa-e389-41f8-8bb7-1d1af99db893
MS-CorrelationId: de9c2ccc-40dd-4186-9660-65b9b64c3d14
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a set of activities that meet the filters.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 2859
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: de9c2ccc-40dd-4186-9660-65b9b64c3d14
MS-RequestId: 127facaa-e389-41f8-8bb7-1d1af99db893
MS-CV: 4xDKynq/zE2im0wj.0
MS-ServerId: 030011719
Date: Tue, 27 Jun 2017 22:19:46 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 2,
    "items": [{
            "partnerId": "3b33e682-00c3-41ee-9dd2-a548adf56438",
            "customerId": "0c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1",
            "customerName": "Relecloud",
            "userPrincipalName": "admin@domain.onmicrosoft.com",
            "resourceType": "order",
            "resourceNewValue": "{\"Id\":\"d51a052e-043c-4a2a-aa37-2bb938cef6c1\",\"ReferenceCustomerId\":\"0c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1\",\"BillingCycle\":\"none\",\"LineItems\":[{\"LineItemNumber\":0,\"OfferId\":\"C0BD2E08-11AC-4836-BDC7-3712E744922F\",\"SubscriptionId\":\"488745B5-2086-4912-802C-6ABB9F7C3638\",\"ParentSubscriptionId\":null,\"FriendlyName\":\"Office 365 Business Premium Trial\",\"Quantity\":25,\"PartnerIdOnRecord\":null,\"Links\":{\"Subscription\":{\"Uri\":\"/customers/0c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1/subscriptions/488745B5-2086-4912-802C-6ABB9F7C3638\",\"Method\":\"GET\",\"Headers\":[]}}}],\"CreationDate\":\"2017-06-15T15:56:04.077-07:00\",\"Links\":{\"Self\":{\"Uri\":\"/customers/0c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1/orders/d51a052e-043c-4a2a-aa37-2bb938cef6c1\",\"Method\":\"GET\",\"Headers\":[]}},\"Attributes\":{\"Etag\":\"eyJpZCI6ImQ1MWEwNTJlLTA0M2MtNGEyYS1hYTM3LTJiYjkzOGNlZjZjMSIsInZlcnNpb24iOjF9\",\"ObjectType\":\"Order\"}}",
            "operationType": "create_order",
            "operationDate": "2017-06-15T22:56:05.0589308Z",
            "operationStatus": "succeeded",
            "customizedData": [{
                    "key": "OrderId",
                    "value": "d51a052e-043c-4a2a-aa37-2bb938cef6c1"
                }, {
                    "key": "BillingCycle",
                    "value": "None"
                }, {
                    "key": "OfferId-0",
                    "value": "C0BD2E08-11AC-4836-BDC7-3712E744922F"
                }, {
                    "key": "SubscriptionId-0",
                    "value": "488745B5-2086-4912-802C-6ABB9F7C3638"
                }, {
                    "key": "SubscriptionName-0",
                    "value": "Office 365 Business Premium Trial"
                }, {
                    "key": "Quantity-0",
                    "value": "25"
                }, {
                    "key": "PartnerOnRecord-0",
                    "value": null
                }
            ],
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "AuditRecord"
            }
        }, {
            "partnerId": "3b33e682-00c3-41ee-9dd2-a548adf56438",
            "customerId": "0c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1",
            "customerName": "Relecloud",
            "userPrincipalName": "admin@domain.onmicrosoft.com",
            "applicationId": "Partner Center Native App",
            "resourceType": "license",
            "resourceNewValue": "{\"LicensesToAssign\":[{\"ExcludedPlans\":null,\"SkuId\":\"efccb6f7-5641-4e0e-bd10-b4976e1bf68e\"}],\"LicensesToRemove\":null,\"LicenseWarnings\":[],\"Attributes\":{\"ObjectType\":\"LicenseUpdate\"}}",
            "operationType": "update_customer_user_licenses",
            "operationDate": "2017-06-01T20:09:07.0450483Z",
            "operationStatus": "succeeded",
            "customizedData": [{
                    "key": "CustomerUserId",
                    "value": "482e2152-4b49-48ec-b715-823365ce3d4c"
                }, {
                    "key": "AddedLicenseSkuId",
                    "value": "efccb6f7-5641-4e0e-bd10-b4976e1bf68e"
                }
            ],
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "AuditRecord"
            }
        }
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/auditrecords?startDate=2017-06-01&size=500&filter=%7B%22Field%22%3A%22CustomerId%22%2C%22Value%22%3A%220c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1%22%2C%22Operator%22%3A%22equals%22%7D",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```
