develop/get-a-customer-s-service-costs-line-items.md, before:

---
title: Get a customer's service costs line items
description: Gets a customer's service cost line items for the specified billing period.
ms.assetid: 1D6364A2-51FE-44E4-96A0-444EDB3BB56A
ms.date: 06/10/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Get a customer's service costs line items

Applies to:

- Partner Center

Gets a customer's service cost line items for the specified billing period.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials.
- A customer identifier.
- A billing period indicator (**mostrecent**).

## C\#

To retrieve a service costs summary for the specified customer:

1. Call the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to identify the customer.
2. Use the [**ServiceCosts**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.servicecosts) property to get an interface to customer service costs collection operations.
3. Call the [**ByBillingPeriod**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.servicecosts.icustomerservicecostscollection.bybillingperiod) method with a member of the [**ServiceCostsBillingPeriod**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.servicecosts.servicecostsbillingperiod) enumeration to return an [**IServiceCostsCollection**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.servicecosts.iservicecostscollection).
4. Use the [**IServiceCostsCollection.LineItems.Get**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.servicecosts.iservicecostlineitemscollection.get) or [**GetAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.servicecosts.iservicecostlineitemscollection.getasync) method to get the customer’s service costs line items.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string selectedCustomerId;

var serviceCostsSummary = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).ServiceCosts.ByBillingPeriod(ServiceCostsBillingPeriod.MostRecent).LineItems.Get();
```

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                             |
|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/servicecosts/{billing-period}/lineitems HTTP/1.1 |

#### URI parameters

Use the following path parameters to identify the customer and the billing period.

| Name           | Type   | Required | Description                                                                                                                      |
|----------------|--------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id    | guid   | Yes      | A GUID formatted customer ID that identifies the customer.                                                                       |
| billing-period | string | Yes      | An indicator that represents the billing period. The only supported value is MostRecent. The case of the string does not matter. |

### Request headers

See [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md) for more information.

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/65726577-c208-40fd-9735-8c85ac9cac68/servicecosts/mostrecent/lineitems HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <authorization token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: e6a3b6b2-230a-4813-999d-57f883b60d38
MS-CorrelationId: a687bc47-8d08-4b78-aff6-5a59aa2055c2
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains a [ServiceCostLineItem](service-costs-resources.md) resource that provides information about the service costs.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 2148
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: a687bc47-8d08-4b78-aff6-5a59aa2055c2
MS-RequestId: e6a3b6b2-230a-4813-999d-57f883b60d38
MS-CV: gPPoyNX1X0asAAcw.0
MS-ServerId: 101112202
Date: Fri, 02 Dec 2016 18: 54: 38 GMT

{
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    },
    "items":
    [{
            "afterTaxTotal": 0.0,
            "chargeType": "PURCHASE FEE",
            "currencyCode": "USD",
            "currencySymbol": "$",
            "customerId": "ae1d5b32-f9ff-4252-b2bf-40e21937a51a",
            "customerName": "AABB CCDD",
            "endDate": "2016-01-11T00:00:00",
            "offerId": "11E3C9A9-24A2-4CFD-9F60-A9797D68E296",
            "offerName": "Project for Office 365 (Government Pricing)",
            "orderId": "4FEB262A-FAF3-4710-B216-D563421B006F",
            "pretaxTotal": 0.0,
            "quantity": 1.0,
            "resellerMPNId": "-1",
            "startDate": "2015-12-15T00:00:00",
            "subscriptionFriendlyName": "Project Pro for Office 365 (Government Pricing)",
            "subscriptionId": "71B5BCDD-51C8-4BF2-B704-D3432EE33064",
            "tax": 0.0,
            "unitPrice": 0.0,
            "invoiceNumber": "T000003163",
            "invoiceType": "OneTime",
            "productId": "DZH318Z0BJR6",
            "skuId": "0001",
            "availabilityId": "DZH318Z0BMFK",
            "productName": "Azure Managed Experience",
            "skuName": "Azure Managed Experience - Optimize",
            "publisherName": "Microsoft",
            "publisherId": "01323244",
            "termAndBillingCycle": "",
            "discountDetails": "N/A"
        }, {
            "afterTaxTotal": 17.219999999999999,
            "chargeType": "CYCLE FEE",
            "currencyCode": "USD",
            "currencySymbol": "$",
            "customerId": "ae1d5b32-f9ff-4252-b2bf-40e21937a51a",
            "customerName": "AABB CCDD",
            "endDate": "2016-02-11T00:00:00",
            "offerId": "11E3C9A9-24A2-4CFD-9F60-A9797D68E296",
            "offerName": "Project for Office 365 (Government Pricing)",
            "orderId": "4FEB262A-FAF3-4710-B216-D563421B006F",
            "pretaxTotal": 17.219999999999999,
            "quantity": 1.0,
            "resellerMPNId": "-1",
            "startDate": "2016-01-12T00:00:00",
            "subscriptionFriendlyName": "Project Pro for Office 365 (Government Pricing)",
            "subscriptionId": "71B5BCDD-51C8-4BF2-B704-D3432EE33064",
            "tax": 0.0,
            "unitPrice": 17.219999999999999,
            "invoiceNumber": "D000003163",
            "invoiceType": "Recurring",
            "productId": "DZH318Z0BJR7",
            "skuId": "0001",
            "availabilityId": "DZH318Z0BTTTT",
            "productName": "NGINX Plus",
            "skuName": "NGINX Plus (Ubuntu 14.04)",
            "publisherName": ""Nginx, Inc.",
            "publisherId": "212336222",
            "termAndBillingCycle": "30 Days Trial",
            "discountDetails": "20%"
        }
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "headers": [],
            "method": "GET",
            "uri": "/customers/ae1d5b32-f9ff-4252-b2bf-40e21937a51a/servicecosts/MostRecent/lineitems"
        }
    },
    "totalCount": 2
}
```

Commit message:

Line item property details for 1-time purchases

develop/get-a-customer-s-service-costs-line-items.md, after:

---
title: Get a customer's service costs line items
description: Gets a customer's service cost line items for the specified billing period.
ms.assetid: 1D6364A2-51FE-44E4-96A0-444EDB3BB56A
ms.date: 07/10/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Get a customer's service costs line items

Applies to:

- Partner Center

Gets a customer's service cost line items for the specified billing period.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials.
- A customer identifier.
- A billing period indicator (**mostrecent**).

## C\#

To retrieve a service costs summary for the specified customer:

1. Call the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to identify the customer.
2. Use the [**ServiceCosts**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.servicecosts) property to get an interface to customer service costs collection operations.
3. Call the [**ByBillingPeriod**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.servicecosts.icustomerservicecostscollection.bybillingperiod) method with a member of the [**ServiceCostsBillingPeriod**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.servicecosts.servicecostsbillingperiod) enumeration to return an [**IServiceCostsCollection**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.servicecosts.iservicecostscollection).
4. Use the [**IServiceCostsCollection.LineItems.Get**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.servicecosts.iservicecostlineitemscollection.get) or [**GetAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.servicecosts.iservicecostlineitemscollection.getasync) method to get the customer’s service costs line items.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string selectedCustomerId;

var serviceCostsSummary = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).ServiceCosts.ByBillingPeriod(ServiceCostsBillingPeriod.MostRecent).LineItems.Get();
```

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                             |
|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/servicecosts/{billing-period}/lineitems HTTP/1.1 |

#### URI parameters

Use the following path parameters to identify the customer and the billing period.

| Name           | Type   | Required | Description                                                                                                                      |
|----------------|--------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id    | guid   | Yes      | A GUID formatted customer ID that identifies the customer.                                                                       |
| billing-period | string | Yes      | An indicator that represents the billing period. The only supported value is MostRecent. The case of the string does not matter. |

### Request headers

See [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md) for more information.

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/65726577-c208-40fd-9735-8c85ac9cac68/servicecosts/mostrecent/lineitems HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <authorization token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: e6a3b6b2-230a-4813-999d-57f883b60d38
MS-CorrelationId: a687bc47-8d08-4b78-aff6-5a59aa2055c2
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains a [ServiceCostLineItem](service-costs-resources.md) resource that provides information about the service costs.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The following properties *only apply to* service cost line items where the product is a *one-time purchase*:
> **productId**, **productName**, **skuId**, **skuName**, **availabilityId**, **publisherId**, **publisherName**, **termAndBillingCycle**, **discountDetails**
> These properties *don't apply to* service line items where the product is a *recurring purchase*, not a one-time purchase. For example, these properties don't apply to subscription-based Azure or license-based Office purchases.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 2148
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: a687bc47-8d08-4b78-aff6-5a59aa2055c2
MS-RequestId: e6a3b6b2-230a-4813-999d-57f883b60d38
MS-CV: gPPoyNX1X0asAAcw.0
MS-ServerId: 101112202
Date: Fri, 02 Dec 2016 18: 54: 38 GMT

{
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    },
    "items":
    [{
            "afterTaxTotal": 0.0,
            "chargeType": "PURCHASE FEE",
            "currencyCode": "USD",
            "currencySymbol": "$",
            "customerId": "ae1d5b32-f9ff-4252-b2bf-40e21937a51a",
            "customerName": "AABB CCDD",
            "endDate": "2016-01-11T00:00:00",
            "offerId": "11E3C9A9-24A2-4CFD-9F60-A9797D68E296",
            "offerName": "Project for Office 365 (Government Pricing)",
            "orderId": "4FEB262A-FAF3-4710-B216-D563421B006F",
            "pretaxTotal": 0.0,
            "quantity": 1.0,
            "resellerMPNId": "-1",
            "startDate": "2015-12-15T00:00:00",
            "subscriptionFriendlyName": "Project Pro for Office 365 (Government Pricing)",
            "subscriptionId": "71B5BCDD-51C8-4BF2-B704-D3432EE33064",
            "tax": 0.0,
            "unitPrice": 0.0,
            "invoiceNumber": "T000003163",
            "invoiceType": "OneTime",
            "productId": "DZH318Z0BJR6",
            "skuId": "0001",
            "availabilityId": "DZH318Z0BMFK",
            "productName": "Azure Managed Experience",
            "skuName": "Azure Managed Experience - Optimize",
            "publisherName": "Microsoft",
            "publisherId": "01323244",
            "termAndBillingCycle": "",
            "discountDetails": "N/A"
        }, {
            "afterTaxTotal": 17.219999999999999,
            "chargeType": "CYCLE FEE",
            "currencyCode": "USD",
            "currencySymbol": "$",
            "customerId": "ae1d5b32-f9ff-4252-b2bf-40e21937a51a",
            "customerName": "AABB CCDD",
            "endDate": "2016-02-11T00:00:00",
            "offerId": "11E3C9A9-24A2-4CFD-9F60-A9797D68E296",
            "offerName": "Project for Office 365 (Government Pricing)",
            "orderId": "4FEB262A-FAF3-4710-B216-D563421B006F",
            "pretaxTotal": 17.219999999999999,
            "quantity": 1.0,
            "resellerMPNId": "-1",
            "startDate": "2016-01-12T00:00:00",
            "subscriptionFriendlyName": "Project Pro for Office 365 (Government Pricing)",
            "subscriptionId": "71B5BCDD-51C8-4BF2-B704-D3432EE33064",
            "tax": 0.0,
            "unitPrice": 17.219999999999999,
            "invoiceNumber": "D000003163",
            "invoiceType": "Recurring",
            "productId": "DZH318Z0BJR7",
            "skuId": "0001",
            "availabilityId": "DZH318Z0BTTTT",
            "productName": "NGINX Plus",
            "skuName": "NGINX Plus (Ubuntu 14.04)",
            "publisherName": ""Nginx, Inc.",
            "publisherId": "212336222",
            "termAndBillingCycle": "30 Days Trial",
            "discountDetails": "20%"
        }
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "headers": [],
            "method": "GET",
            "uri": "/customers/ae1d5b32-f9ff-4252-b2bf-40e21937a51a/servicecosts/MostRecent/lineitems"
        }
    },
    "totalCount": 2
}
```
