develop/get-the-managed-services-for-a-customer-by-id.md, before:

---
title: Get the managed services for a customer by ID
description: Gets the managed services for a customer. In other words, get links to all of the customer's subscriptions for which you have delegated admin privileges. You can use these links to provide support and file service requests with Microsoft.
ms.date: 07/22/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Get the managed services for a customer by ID

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Gets the managed services for a customer. In other words, get links to all of the customer's subscriptions for which you have delegated admin privileges. You can use these links to provide support and file service requests with Microsoft.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

## C\#

To display a list of all the managed services for a customer, use your **IAggregatePartner.Customers** collection and call the [**ById()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method. Then call the [**ManagedServices**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.managedservices) property, followed by the [**Get()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.managedservices.imanagedservicecollection.get) or [**GetAsync()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.managedservices.imanagedservicecollection.getasync) methods.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// var selectedCustomerID as Customer;

ResourceCollection<ManagedService> managedServices = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).ManagedServices.Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: PartnerCenterSDK.FeaturesSamples **Class**: CustomerManagedServices.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                            |
|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/managedservices HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following query parameter to get the customer's managed services.

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                           |
|------------------------|----------|----------|---------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id** | **guid** | Y        | A GUID corresponding to the customer. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/<customer-tenant-id>/managedservices HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 4ff57220-f17b-4d8f-8e09-78334c57ba00
MS-CorrelationId: 03d6064a-f048-4aee-8892-ed46dc5c8bee
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a collection of **Managed Service** objects in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 10588
Content-Type: application/json
MS-CorrelationId: 03d6064a-f048-4aee-8892-ed46dc5c8bee
MS-RequestId: 4ff57220-f17b-4d8f-8e09-78334c57ba00
Date: Mon, 23 Nov 2015 18:02:12 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 2,
    "items": [{
        "id": "Exchange",
        "name": "Exchange",
        "groupName": "Office",
        "links": {
            "adminService": {
                "uri": "https://portal.office.com/Partner/BeginClientSession.aspx?CTID=<ctid>&CSDEST=Exchange&InitialDomain=<domain>&PrimaryDomain=<domain>",
                "method": "GET",
                "headers": []
            },
            "serviceHealth": {
                "uri": "https://portal.office.com/Partner/BeginClientSession.aspx?CTID=<ctid>&CSDEST=ServiceStatus",
                "method": "GET",
                "headers": []
            },
            "serviceTicket": {
                "uri": "https://portal.office.com/Partner/BeginClientSession.aspx?CTID=<ctid>&CSDEST=Support",
                "method": "GET",
                "headers": []
            }
        },
        "attributes": {
            "objectType": "ManagedService"
        }
    },
    {
        "id": "MicrosoftCommunicationsOnline",
        "name": "SkypeforBusiness",
        "groupName": "Office",
        "links": {
            "adminService": {
                "uri": "https://portal.office.com/Partner/BeginClientSession.aspx?CTID=<ctid>&CSDEST=MicrosoftCommunicationsOnline",
                "method": "GET",
                "headers": []
            },
            "serviceHealth": {
                "uri": "https://portal.office.com/Partner/BeginClientSession.aspx?CTID=<ctid>&CSDEST=ServiceStatus",
                "method": "GET",
                "headers": []
            },
            "serviceTicket": {
                "uri": "https://portal.office.com/Partner/BeginClientSession.aspx?CTID=<ctid>&CSDEST=Support",
                "method": "GET",
                "headers": []
            }
        },
        "attributes": {
            "objectType": "ManagedService"
        }
    }
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/get-the-managed-services-for-a-customer-by-id.md, after:

---
title: Get the managed services for a customer by ID
description: Gets the managed services for a customer. In other words, get links to all of the customer's subscriptions for which you have delegated admin privileges. You can use these links to provide support and file service requests with Microsoft.
ms.date: 07/22/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Get the managed services for a customer by ID

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Gets the managed services for a customer. In other words, get links to all of the customer's subscriptions for which you have delegated admin privileges. You can use these links to provide support and file service requests with Microsoft.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

## C\#

To display a list of all the managed services for a customer, use your **IAggregatePartner.Customers** collection and call the [**ById()**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method. Then call the [**ManagedServices**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.managedservices) property, followed by the [**Get()**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.managedservices.imanagedservicecollection.get) or [**GetAsync()**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.managedservices.imanagedservicecollection.getasync) methods.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// var selectedCustomerID as Customer;

ResourceCollection<ManagedService> managedServices = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).ManagedServices.Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: PartnerCenterSDK.FeaturesSamples **Class**: CustomerManagedServices.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                            |
|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/managedservices HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following query parameter to get the customer's managed services.

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                           |
|------------------------|----------|----------|---------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id** | **guid** | Y        | A GUID corresponding to the customer. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/<customer-tenant-id>/managedservices HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 4ff57220-f17b-4d8f-8e09-78334c57ba00
MS-CorrelationId: 03d6064a-f048-4aee-8892-ed46dc5c8bee
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a collection of **Managed Service** objects in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 10588
Content-Type: application/json
MS-CorrelationId: 03d6064a-f048-4aee-8892-ed46dc5c8bee
MS-RequestId: 4ff57220-f17b-4d8f-8e09-78334c57ba00
Date: Mon, 23 Nov 2015 18:02:12 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 2,
    "items": [{
        "id": "Exchange",
        "name": "Exchange",
        "groupName": "Office",
        "links": {
            "adminService": {
                "uri": "https://portal.office.com/Partner/BeginClientSession.aspx?CTID=<ctid>&CSDEST=Exchange&InitialDomain=<domain>&PrimaryDomain=<domain>",
                "method": "GET",
                "headers": []
            },
            "serviceHealth": {
                "uri": "https://portal.office.com/Partner/BeginClientSession.aspx?CTID=<ctid>&CSDEST=ServiceStatus",
                "method": "GET",
                "headers": []
            },
            "serviceTicket": {
                "uri": "https://portal.office.com/Partner/BeginClientSession.aspx?CTID=<ctid>&CSDEST=Support",
                "method": "GET",
                "headers": []
            }
        },
        "attributes": {
            "objectType": "ManagedService"
        }
    },
    {
        "id": "MicrosoftCommunicationsOnline",
        "name": "SkypeforBusiness",
        "groupName": "Office",
        "links": {
            "adminService": {
                "uri": "https://portal.office.com/Partner/BeginClientSession.aspx?CTID=<ctid>&CSDEST=MicrosoftCommunicationsOnline",
                "method": "GET",
                "headers": []
            },
            "serviceHealth": {
                "uri": "https://portal.office.com/Partner/BeginClientSession.aspx?CTID=<ctid>&CSDEST=ServiceStatus",
                "method": "GET",
                "headers": []
            },
            "serviceTicket": {
                "uri": "https://portal.office.com/Partner/BeginClientSession.aspx?CTID=<ctid>&CSDEST=Support",
                "method": "GET",
                "headers": []
            }
        },
        "attributes": {
            "objectType": "ManagedService"
        }
    }
```
