develop/get-service-request-details-by-id.md, before:

---
title: Get service request details by ID.
description: How to retrieve the details of an existing customer service request by ID.
ms.date: 02/06/2018
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Get service request details by ID

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

How to retrieve the details of an existing customer service request using the service request identifier.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- A service request ID.

## C\#

To retrieve the details of an existing customer service request, call the [**IServiceRequestCollection.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.servicerequests.iservicerequestcollection.byid) method, and pass in a [**ServiceRequest.Id**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.servicerequests.servicerequest.id#Microsoft_Store_PartnerCenter_Models_ServiceRequests_ServiceRequest_Id) to identify and return an interface to the specific [**ServiceRequest**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.servicerequests.servicerequest) object.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// ServiceRequest existingServiceRequest as ServiceRequest;

ServiceRequest serviceRequestDetails = partnerOperations.ServiceRequests.ById(existingServiceRequest.Id).Get();

Console.WriteLine(string.Format("The primary contact for the service request {0} is {1} {2}.",
    serviceRequestDetails.Title,
    serviceRequestDetails.PrimaryContact.FirstName,
    serviceRequestDetails.PrimaryContact.LastName,
));
```

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method    | Request URI                                                                                 |
|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/servicerequests/{servicerequest-id} HTTP/1.1  |

### URI parameter

Use the following URI parameter to get the specified service request.

| Name                  | Type     | Required | Description                                 |
|-----------------------|----------|----------|---------------------------------------------|
| **servicerequest-id** | **guid** | Y        | A GUID that identifies the service request. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/servicerequests/616122292874576 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: f9a030bd-e492-4c1a-9c70-021f18234981
MS-CorrelationId: fd969070-4e5f-4c6b-a3c6-1941283b39ae
X-Locale: en-US
Content-Type: application/json
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Content-Length: 0
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a **Service Request** resource in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 566
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: fd969070-4e5f-4c6b-a3c6-1941283b39ae
MS-RequestId: f9a030bd-e492-4c1a-9c70-021f18234981
MS-CV: rjLONPum/Uq94UQA.0
MS-ServerId: 030011719
Date: Mon, 09 Jan 2017 23:31:15 GMT

{
    "title": "TrialSR",
    "description": "Ignore this SR",
    "severity": "critical",
    "supportTopicId": "32444671",
    "supportTopicName": "Cannot manage my profile",
    "id": "616122292874576",
    "status": "open",
    "organization": {
        "id": "3b33e682-00c3-41ee-9dd2-a548adf56438",
        "name": "TEST_TEST_BugBash1"
    },
    "productId": "15960",
    "createdDate": "2016-12-22T20:31:17.24Z",
    "lastModifiedDate": "2017-01-09T23:31:15.373Z",
    "lastClosedDate": "0001-01-01T00:00:00",
    "notes": [{
            "createdByName": "Account",
            "createdDate": "2017-01-09T23:31:15.373",
            "text": "Sample Note"
        }
    ],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "ServiceRequest"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/get-service-request-details-by-id.md, after:

---
title: Get service request details by ID.
description: How to retrieve the details of an existing customer service request by ID.
ms.date: 02/06/2018
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Get service request details by ID

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

How to retrieve the details of an existing customer service request using the service request identifier.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- A service request ID.

## C\#

To retrieve the details of an existing customer service request, call the [**IServiceRequestCollection.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.servicerequests.iservicerequestcollection.byid) method, and pass in a [**ServiceRequest.Id**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.servicerequests.servicerequest.id#Microsoft_Store_PartnerCenter_Models_ServiceRequests_ServiceRequest_Id) to identify and return an interface to the specific [**ServiceRequest**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.servicerequests.servicerequest) object.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// ServiceRequest existingServiceRequest as ServiceRequest;

ServiceRequest serviceRequestDetails = partnerOperations.ServiceRequests.ById(existingServiceRequest.Id).Get();

Console.WriteLine(string.Format("The primary contact for the service request {0} is {1} {2}.",
    serviceRequestDetails.Title,
    serviceRequestDetails.PrimaryContact.FirstName,
    serviceRequestDetails.PrimaryContact.LastName,
));
```

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method    | Request URI                                                                                 |
|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/servicerequests/{servicerequest-id} HTTP/1.1  |

### URI parameter

Use the following URI parameter to get the specified service request.

| Name                  | Type     | Required | Description                                 |
|-----------------------|----------|----------|---------------------------------------------|
| **servicerequest-id** | **guid** | Y        | A GUID that identifies the service request. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/servicerequests/616122292874576 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: f9a030bd-e492-4c1a-9c70-021f18234981
MS-CorrelationId: fd969070-4e5f-4c6b-a3c6-1941283b39ae
X-Locale: en-US
Content-Type: application/json
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Content-Length: 0
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a **Service Request** resource in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 566
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: fd969070-4e5f-4c6b-a3c6-1941283b39ae
MS-RequestId: f9a030bd-e492-4c1a-9c70-021f18234981
MS-CV: rjLONPum/Uq94UQA.0
MS-ServerId: 030011719
Date: Mon, 09 Jan 2017 23:31:15 GMT

{
    "title": "TrialSR",
    "description": "Ignore this SR",
    "severity": "critical",
    "supportTopicId": "32444671",
    "supportTopicName": "Cannot manage my profile",
    "id": "616122292874576",
    "status": "open",
    "organization": {
        "id": "3b33e682-00c3-41ee-9dd2-a548adf56438",
        "name": "TEST_TEST_BugBash1"
    },
    "productId": "15960",
    "createdDate": "2016-12-22T20:31:17.24Z",
    "lastModifiedDate": "2017-01-09T23:31:15.373Z",
    "lastClosedDate": "0001-01-01T00:00:00",
    "notes": [{
            "createdByName": "Account",
            "createdDate": "2017-01-09T23:31:15.373",
            "text": "Sample Note"
        }
    ],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "ServiceRequest"
    }
}
```
