develop/get-a-customer-by-id.md, before:

---
title: Get a customer by ID
description: Gets a Customer resource that corresponds to a customer ID.
ms.assetid: C84DF574-0E1B-418B-8AED-06C1E3BD301F
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Get a customer by ID


**Applies To**

-   Partner Center
-   Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
-   Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
-   Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Gets a **Customer** resource that corresponds to a customer ID.

## <span id="Prerequisites"></span><span id="prerequisites"></span><span id="PREREQUISITES"></span>Prerequisites


-   Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.
-   A customer ID (customer-tenant-id). If you do not have a customer's ID, you can look up the ID in Partner Center by choosing the customer from the customers list, selecting Account, then saving their Microsoft ID.

## <span id="C_"></span><span id="c_"></span>C#


To get a customer by ID, use your [**IAggregatePartner.Customers**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.ipartner.customers) collection, call the [**ById()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method, then call the [**Get()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.get) or [**GetAsync()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.getasync) methods.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string customerIdToRetrieve;

Customer customerInfo = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(customerIdToRetrieve).Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: PartnerSDK.FeatureSamples **Class**: CustomerInformation.cs

## <span id="REST_Request"></span><span id="rest_request"></span><span id="REST_REQUEST"></span>REST Request


**Request syntax**

| Method  | Request URI                                                                            |
|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id} HTTP/1.1 |

 

**URI parameter**

Use the following query parameter to a specific customer.

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                                                                                                                                            |
|------------------------|----------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id** | **guid** | Y        | The value is a GUID formatted **customer-tenant-id** that allows the reseller to filter the results for a given customer that belongs to the reseller. |

 

**Request headers**

-   See [Headers](headers.md) for more information.

**Request body**

None.

**Request example**

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/<customer-tenant-id> HTTP/1.1    
Authorization: Bearer <token> 
Accept: application/json    
MS-CorrelationId: a176c585-b5de-4d65-824c-67a6deb45cd9  
MS-RequestId: 74ca1db9-df92-41c6-a362-a16433b0542b  
```

## <span id="REST_Response"></span><span id="rest_response"></span><span id="REST_RESPONSE"></span>REST Response


If successful, this method returns a [Customer](customers.md) resource in the response body.

**Response success and error codes**

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

**Response example**

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 1530
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: a176c585-b5de-4d65-824c-67a6deb45cd9
MS-RequestId: 74ca1db9-df92-41c6-a362-a16433b0542b
{
  "id": "eebd1b55-5360-4438-a11d-5c06918c3014",
  "commerceId": "99e6a635-48e7-424d-9059-c9db944e3c54",
  "companyProfile": {
    "tenantId": "eebd1b55-5360-4438-a11d-5c06918c3014",
    "domain": "abcdefgh1234.ccsctp.net",
    "companyName": "1kl as kjk",
    "address": {
      "country": "US",
      "region": "wa",
      "city": "redmond",
      "addressLine1": "1 ms way",
      "postalCode": "98052",
      "phoneNumber": "1234567890"
    },
    "email": "a@a.com",
    "links": {
      "self": {
        "uri": "/customers/eebd1b55-5360-4438-a11d-5c06918c3014/profiles/company",
        "method": "GET",
        "headers": [
          
        ]
      }
    },
    "attributes": {
      "objectType": "CustomerCompanyProfile"
    }
  },
  "billingProfile": {
    "id": "eeada110-69d6-4cc9-b093-75feb7ca9d3f",
    "firstName": "Jasond0d89d776d03471c819bf772191ed728",
    "lastName": "kjkAJJAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA",
    "email": "a@a.com",
    "culture": "en-US",
    "language": "en",
    "companyName": "1kl as kjkAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAJJJJJJJJJJJAAAAAJJJJJJJJJJJAAJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJAJJJJJAJJAAAAJAJJAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA",
    "defaultAddress": {
      "country": "US",
      "city": "redmond",
      "state": "WA",
      "addressLine1": "1 ms way",
      "postalCode": "98052",
      "firstName": "1kl as",
      "lastName": "kjk",
      "phoneNumber": "1234567890"
    },
    "links": {
      "self": {
        "uri": "/customers/eebd1b55-5360-4438-a11d-5c06918c3014/profiles/billing",
        "method": "GET",
        "headers": [
          
        ]
      }
    },
    "attributes": {
      "etag": "-4242348048554929329",
      "objectType": "CustomerBillingProfile"
    }
  },
  "relationshipToPartner": "reseller",
  "allowDelegatedAccess": true,
  "customDomains": [
    "abcdefgh1234.ccsctp.net"
  ],
  "links": {
    "self": {
      "uri": "/customers/eebd1b55-5360-4438-a11d-5c06918c3014",
      "method": "GET",
      "headers": [
        
      ]
    }
  },
  "attributes": {
    "objectType": "Customer"
  }
}
```

Commit message:

Added Java and PowerShell examples. Also, removed /en-us/ from links

develop/get-a-customer-by-id.md, after:

---
title: Get a customer by ID
description: Gets a Customer resource that corresponds to a customer ID.
ms.assetid: C84DF574-0E1B-418B-8AED-06C1E3BD301F
ms.date: 09/21/2018
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Get a customer by ID

**Applies To**

-   Partner Center
-   Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
-   Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
-   Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Gets a **Customer** resource that corresponds to a customer ID.

## <span id="Prerequisites"></span><span id="prerequisites"></span><span id="PREREQUISITES"></span>Prerequisites

-   Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.
-   A customer ID (customer-tenant-id). If you do not have a customer's ID, you can look up the ID in Partner Center by choosing the customer from the customers list, selecting Account, then saving their Microsoft ID.

## <span id="Examples"></span><span id="examples"><span id="EXAMPLES"></span>Examples

### C#

To get a customer by ID, use your [**IAggregatePartner.Customers**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.ipartner.customers) collection, call the [**ById()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method, then call the [**Get()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.get) or [**GetAsync()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.getasync) methods.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string customerIdToRetrieve;

Customer customerInfo = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(customerIdToRetrieve).Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: PartnerSDK.FeatureSamples **Class**: CustomerInformation.cs

### Java 

To get a customer by ID, use your **IAggregatePartner.getCustomers** function, call the **byId()** function, then call the **get()** function.

```java
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// String customerIdToRetrieve;

Customer customerInfo = partnerOperations.getCustomers().byId(customerIdToRetrieve).get();
```

### PowerShell

To get a customer by ID, execute the [**Get-PartnerCustomer**](https://github.com/Microsoft/Partner-Center-PowerShell/blob/master/docs/help/Get-PartnerCustomer.md) command and specify the **CustomerId** parameter.

```powershell
Get-PartnerCustomer -CustomerId '2ca7de6c-c05c-46b5-b689-32e53573a97a'
```

## <span id="REST_Request"></span><span id="rest_request"></span><span id="REST_REQUEST"></span>REST Request


**Request syntax**

| Method  | Request URI                                                                            |
|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id} HTTP/1.1 |

 

**URI parameter**

Use the following query parameter to a specific customer.

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                                                                                                                                            |
|------------------------|----------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id** | **guid** | Y        | The value is a GUID formatted **customer-tenant-id** that allows the reseller to filter the results for a given customer that belongs to the reseller. |

 

**Request headers**

-   See [Headers](headers.md) for more information.

**Request body**

None.

**Request example**

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/<customer-tenant-id> HTTP/1.1    
Authorization: Bearer <token> 
Accept: application/json    
MS-CorrelationId: a176c585-b5de-4d65-824c-67a6deb45cd9  
MS-RequestId: 74ca1db9-df92-41c6-a362-a16433b0542b  
```

## <span id="REST_Response"></span><span id="rest_response"></span><span id="REST_RESPONSE"></span>REST Response


If successful, this method returns a [Customer](customers.md) resource in the response body.

**Response success and error codes**

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

**Response example**

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 1530
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: a176c585-b5de-4d65-824c-67a6deb45cd9
MS-RequestId: 74ca1db9-df92-41c6-a362-a16433b0542b
{
  "id": "eebd1b55-5360-4438-a11d-5c06918c3014",
  "commerceId": "99e6a635-48e7-424d-9059-c9db944e3c54",
  "companyProfile": {
    "tenantId": "eebd1b55-5360-4438-a11d-5c06918c3014",
    "domain": "abcdefgh1234.ccsctp.net",
    "companyName": "1kl as kjk",
    "address": {
      "country": "US",
      "region": "wa",
      "city": "redmond",
      "addressLine1": "1 ms way",
      "postalCode": "98052",
      "phoneNumber": "1234567890"
    },
    "email": "a@a.com",
    "links": {
      "self": {
        "uri": "/customers/eebd1b55-5360-4438-a11d-5c06918c3014/profiles/company",
        "method": "GET",
        "headers": [
          
        ]
      }
    },
    "attributes": {
      "objectType": "CustomerCompanyProfile"
    }
  },
  "billingProfile": {
    "id": "eeada110-69d6-4cc9-b093-75feb7ca9d3f",
    "firstName": "Jasond0d89d776d03471c819bf772191ed728",
    "lastName": "kjkAJJAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA",
    "email": "a@a.com",
    "culture": "en-US",
    "language": "en",
    "companyName": "1kl as kjkAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAJJJJJJJJJJJAAAAAJJJJJJJJJJJAAJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJAJJJJJAJJAAAAJAJJAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA",
    "defaultAddress": {
      "country": "US",
      "city": "redmond",
      "state": "WA",
      "addressLine1": "1 ms way",
      "postalCode": "98052",
      "firstName": "1kl as",
      "lastName": "kjk",
      "phoneNumber": "1234567890"
    },
    "links": {
      "self": {
        "uri": "/customers/eebd1b55-5360-4438-a11d-5c06918c3014/profiles/billing",
        "method": "GET",
        "headers": [
          
        ]
      }
    },
    "attributes": {
      "etag": "-4242348048554929329",
      "objectType": "CustomerBillingProfile"
    }
  },
  "relationshipToPartner": "reseller",
  "allowDelegatedAccess": true,
  "customDomains": [
    "abcdefgh1234.ccsctp.net"
  ],
  "links": {
    "self": {
      "uri": "/customers/eebd1b55-5360-4438-a11d-5c06918c3014",
      "method": "GET",
      "headers": [
        
      ]
    }
  },
  "attributes": {
    "objectType": "Customer"
  }
}
```
