develop/get-a-list-of-products.md, before:

---
title: Get a list of products
description: Gets a collection of products.
ms.assetid: 5E4160AB-6B73-4CA1-903D-7257927CA754
ms.date: 09/17/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Get a list of products

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Gets a collection of products.

## <span id="Prerequisites"/><span id="prerequisites"/><span id="PREREQUISITES"/>Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

## <span id="Examples"/><span id="examples"><span id="EXAMPLES"/>Examples

### C#

To get a list of products, use your **IAggregatePartner.Products** collection, select the country by using the **ByCountry()** method, select the catalog view by using the **ByTargetView()** method, and optionally select the target segment by using the **ByTargetSegment()** method. Finally, call the **Get()** or **GetAsync()** method to return the collection. 

```csharp
IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

// Get the products for the specified catalog view.
ResourceCollection<Products> products = partnerOperations.Products.ByCountry("US").ByTargetView("Azure").Get();

// Get the products filtered by target view and target segment.
ResourceCollection<Products> products = partnerOperations.Products.ByCountry("US").ByTargetView("Azure").ByTargetSegment("commercial").Get();
```

### Java

[!INCLUDE [<Partner Center Java SDK support details>](<../includes/java-sdk-support.md>)]

To get a list of products, use your **IAggregatePartner.getProducts** function, select the country by using the **byCountry()** function, select the catalog view by using the **byTargetView()** function, and optionally select the target segment by using the **byTargetSegment()** function. Finally, call the **get()** function to return the collection. 

```java
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

// Get the products for the specified catalog view.
ResourceCollection<Products> products = partnerOperations.getProducts().byCountry("US").byTargetView("Azure").get();

// Get the products filtered by target view and target segment.
ResourceCollection<Products> products = partnerOperations.getProducts().byCountry("US").byTargetView("Azure").byTargetSegment("commercial").get();
```

### PowerShell

[!INCLUDE [<Partner Center PowerShell module support details>](<../includes/powershell-module-support.md>)]

To get a list of products, execute the [**Get-PartnerProduct**](https://github.com/Microsoft/Partner-Center-PowerShell/blob/master/docs/help/Get-PartnerProduct.md) command. You can select the catalog by specifing the **Catalog** parameter, and optionally select the target segement by specifying the **Segment** parameter. 

```powershell
Get-PartnerProduct -Catalog 'Azure' -Segment 'commercial'
```

## <span id="REST_Request"/><span id="rest_request"/><span id="REST_REQUEST"/>REST Request

**Request syntax**

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                                                    |
|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/products?country={country}&targetView={targetView}&targetSegment={targetSegment} HTTP/1.1    |

**URI parameters**

Use the following path and query parameters to get a list of products.

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                                                             |
|------------------------|----------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| country                | string   | Yes      | The country/region ID.                                                  |
| targetView             | string   | Yes      | Identifies the target view of the catalog. The supported values are:<br/> "Azure" – Includes all Azure items<br/> "AzureReservations" – Includes all Azure reservation items<br/> "AzureReservationsVM" – Includes all virtual machine reservation items</br> "AzureReservationsSQL" – Includes all SQL reservation items</br> "AzureReservationsCosmosDb" - Includes all Cosmos database reservation items</br> "OnlineServices" – Includes all online service items, including commercial marketplace products<br/> "Software" – Includes all software items<br/> "SoftwareSUSELinux" - Includes all software SUSE Linux items<br/> "SoftwarePerpetual" – Includes all perpetual software items</br> "SoftwareSubscriptions" – Includes all software subscription items |
| targetSegment          | string   | No       | Identifies the target segment. The view for different target audiences. The supported values are: <br/> commercial<br/> education<br/> government<br/> nonprofit |

**Request headers**

- See [Headers](headers.md) for more information.

**Request body**

None.

**Request example**

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/products?country=US&targetView=Azure HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer 
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 031160b2-b0b0-4d40-b2b1-aaa9bb84211d
MS-CorrelationId: 7c1f6619-c176-4040-a88f-2c71f3ba4533
```

## <span id="Response"/><span id="response"/><span id="RESPONSE"/>Response

If successful, the response body contains a collection of [Product](product-resources.md#product) resources.

**Response success and error codes**

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center error codes](error-codes.md).

This method returns the following error codes:

| HTTP Status Code     | Error code   | Description                                                                                               |
|----------------------|--------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 403                  | 400030       | Access to the requested targetSegment is not allowed.                                                     |
| 403                  | 400036       | Access to the requested targetView is not allowed.                                                        | 


**Response example**

```http
{
    "totalCount": 19,
    "items": [
        {
			"id": "DZH318Z0BQ3Q",
			"title": "Virtual Machines DSv2 Series",
			"description": "Dsv2-series instances are the latest generation of D-series instances that will carry more powerful CPUs which are on average about 35% faster than D-series instances, and carry the same memory and disk configurations as the D-series. Dsv2-series instances are based on the latest generation 2.4 GHz Intel Xeon® E5-2673 v3 (Haswell) processor, and with Intel Turbo Boost Technology 2.0 can go to 3.2 GHz.",
			"productType": {
			  "id": "Azure",
			  "displayName": "Azure",
			  "subType": {
				"id": "VirtualMachines",
				"displayName": "VirtualMachines"
			  }
			},
			"isMicrosoftProduct": true,
			"publisherName": "Microsoft", 
            "links": {
                "skus": {
                    "uri": "/products/DZH318Z0BQ3Q/skus?country=US",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                },
                "self": {
                    "uri": "/products/DZH318Z0BQ3Q?country=US",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                }
            }
        },
        …
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/products?country=US&targetView=Azure",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Clarify this is by country

develop/get-a-list-of-products.md, after:

---
title: Get a list of products (by country)
description: Gets a collection of products by customer country.
ms.assetid: 5E4160AB-6B73-4CA1-903D-7257927CA754
ms.date: 09/17/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Get a list of products (by country)

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Gets a collection of products.

## <span id="Prerequisites"/><span id="prerequisites"/><span id="PREREQUISITES"/>Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

## <span id="Examples"/><span id="examples"><span id="EXAMPLES"/>Examples

### C#

To get a list of products, use your **IAggregatePartner.Products** collection, select the country by using the **ByCountry()** method, select the catalog view by using the **ByTargetView()** method, and optionally select the target segment by using the **ByTargetSegment()** method. Finally, call the **Get()** or **GetAsync()** method to return the collection. 

```csharp
IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

// Get the products for the specified catalog view.
ResourceCollection<Products> products = partnerOperations.Products.ByCountry("US").ByTargetView("Azure").Get();

// Get the products filtered by target view and target segment.
ResourceCollection<Products> products = partnerOperations.Products.ByCountry("US").ByTargetView("Azure").ByTargetSegment("commercial").Get();
```

### Java

[!INCLUDE [<Partner Center Java SDK support details>](<../includes/java-sdk-support.md>)]

To get a list of products, use your **IAggregatePartner.getProducts** function, select the country by using the **byCountry()** function, select the catalog view by using the **byTargetView()** function, and optionally select the target segment by using the **byTargetSegment()** function. Finally, call the **get()** function to return the collection. 

```java
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

// Get the products for the specified catalog view.
ResourceCollection<Products> products = partnerOperations.getProducts().byCountry("US").byTargetView("Azure").get();

// Get the products filtered by target view and target segment.
ResourceCollection<Products> products = partnerOperations.getProducts().byCountry("US").byTargetView("Azure").byTargetSegment("commercial").get();
```

### PowerShell

[!INCLUDE [<Partner Center PowerShell module support details>](<../includes/powershell-module-support.md>)]

To get a list of products, execute the [**Get-PartnerProduct**](https://github.com/Microsoft/Partner-Center-PowerShell/blob/master/docs/help/Get-PartnerProduct.md) command. You can select the catalog by specifing the **Catalog** parameter, and optionally select the target segement by specifying the **Segment** parameter. 

```powershell
Get-PartnerProduct -Catalog 'Azure' -Segment 'commercial'
```

## <span id="REST_Request"/><span id="rest_request"/><span id="REST_REQUEST"/>REST Request

**Request syntax**

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                                                    |
|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/products?country={country}&targetView={targetView}&targetSegment={targetSegment} HTTP/1.1    |

**URI parameters**

Use the following path and query parameters to get a list of products.

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                                                             |
|------------------------|----------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| country                | string   | Yes      | The country/region ID.                                                  |
| targetView             | string   | Yes      | Identifies the target view of the catalog. The supported values are:<br/> "Azure" – Includes all Azure items<br/> "AzureReservations" – Includes all Azure reservation items<br/> "AzureReservationsVM" – Includes all virtual machine reservation items</br> "AzureReservationsSQL" – Includes all SQL reservation items</br> "AzureReservationsCosmosDb" - Includes all Cosmos database reservation items</br> "OnlineServices" – Includes all online service items, including commercial marketplace products<br/> "Software" – Includes all software items<br/> "SoftwareSUSELinux" - Includes all software SUSE Linux items<br/> "SoftwarePerpetual" – Includes all perpetual software items</br> "SoftwareSubscriptions" – Includes all software subscription items |
| targetSegment          | string   | No       | Identifies the target segment. The view for different target audiences. The supported values are: <br/> commercial<br/> education<br/> government<br/> nonprofit |

**Request headers**

- See [Headers](headers.md) for more information.

**Request body**

None.

**Request example**

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/products?country=US&targetView=Azure HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer 
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 031160b2-b0b0-4d40-b2b1-aaa9bb84211d
MS-CorrelationId: 7c1f6619-c176-4040-a88f-2c71f3ba4533
```

## <span id="Response"/><span id="response"/><span id="RESPONSE"/>Response

If successful, the response body contains a collection of [Product](product-resources.md#product) resources.

**Response success and error codes**

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center error codes](error-codes.md).

This method returns the following error codes:

| HTTP Status Code     | Error code   | Description                                                                                               |
|----------------------|--------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 403                  | 400030       | Access to the requested targetSegment is not allowed.                                                     |
| 403                  | 400036       | Access to the requested targetView is not allowed.                                                        | 


**Response example**

```http
{
    "totalCount": 19,
    "items": [
        {
			"id": "DZH318Z0BQ3Q",
			"title": "Virtual Machines DSv2 Series",
			"description": "Dsv2-series instances are the latest generation of D-series instances that will carry more powerful CPUs which are on average about 35% faster than D-series instances, and carry the same memory and disk configurations as the D-series. Dsv2-series instances are based on the latest generation 2.4 GHz Intel Xeon® E5-2673 v3 (Haswell) processor, and with Intel Turbo Boost Technology 2.0 can go to 3.2 GHz.",
			"productType": {
			  "id": "Azure",
			  "displayName": "Azure",
			  "subType": {
				"id": "VirtualMachines",
				"displayName": "VirtualMachines"
			  }
			},
			"isMicrosoftProduct": true,
			"publisherName": "Microsoft", 
            "links": {
                "skus": {
                    "uri": "/products/DZH318Z0BQ3Q/skus?country=US",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                },
                "self": {
                    "uri": "/products/DZH318Z0BQ3Q?country=US",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                }
            }
        },
        …
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/products?country=US&targetView=Azure",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```
