develop/get-a-list-of-devices-for-the-specified-batch-and-customer.md, before:

---
title: Get a list of devices for the specified batch and customer
description: How to retrieve a collection of devices and device details in the specified device batch for a customer.
ms.date: 07/25/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
author: amitravat
ms.author: amrava
---

# Get a list of devices for the specified batch and customer

**Applies to:**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany

This article describes how to retrieve a collection of devices in a specified device batch for a specified customer. Each device resource contains details about the device.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- A device batch identifier.

## C\#

To retrieve a collection of the devices in a specified device batch for the specified customer:

1. Call the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to retrieve an interface to operations on the specified customer.

2. Call the [**DeviceBatches.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.idevicesbatchcollection.byid) method to get an interface to device batch collection operations for the specified batch.

3. Retrieve the [**Devices**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.idevicesbatch.devices) property to get an interface to device collection operations for the batch.

4. Call the [**Get**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.idevicecollection.get) or [**GetAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.idevicecollection.getasync) method to retrieve the collection of devices.

``` csharp
IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
string selectedCustomerId;
string selectedDeviceBatchId;

var devices =
    partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).DeviceBatches.ById(selectedDeviceBatchId).Devices.Get();
```

For an example, see the following:

- Sample: [Console test app](console-test-app.md)
- Project: **Partner Center SDK Samples**
- Class: **GetDevices.cs**

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                            |
|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/deviceBatches/{devicebatch-id}/devices HTTP/1.1 |

#### URI parameters

Use the following path parameters when creating the request.

| Name           | Type   | Required | Description                                           |
|----------------|--------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id    | string | Yes      | A GUID-formatted string that identifies the customer. |
| devicebatch-id | string | Yes      | A string identifier that identifies the device batch. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/47021739-3426-40bf-9601-61b4b6d7c793/deviceBatches/testbatch/devices HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: e88d014d-ab70-41de-90a0-f7fd1797267d
MS-CorrelationId: de894e18-f027-4ac0-8b5a-34f0c222af0c
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains a paged collection of [Device](device-deployment-resources.md#device) resources. The collection contains 100 devices in a page. To retrieve the next page of 100 devices, the continuationToken in the response body must be included in the subsequent request as an MS-ContinuationToken header.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For a full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 1742
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 4a5002a2-0c1b-4e57-b491-dbcf19c0e7b8
MS-RequestId: 7b3e2e00-b330-4480-9d84-59ace713427f
MS-CV: YrLe3w6BbUSMt1fi.0
MS-ServerId: 030020344
Date: Tue, 25 Jul 2017 17:52:41 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 2,
    "items":
    [{
            "id": "7c141ea9-2816-4e15-a819-53f6856499ff",
            "serialNumber": "2R9-ZNP67",
            "productKey": "00329-00000-0003-AA6069",
            "modelName": "Precision WorkStation T7500",
            "oemManufacturerName":"Dell Inc.",
            "policies":[{
                    "key": "o_o_b_e",
                    "value": null
                }
            ],
            "uploadedDate":"2017-08-09T14:43:26.0092288-07:00",
            " attributes": {
                "objectType": "Device"
            }
        }, {
            "id": "e528a62f-5031-49f4-bea7-5fafe47388fd",
            "serialNumber": "1234567890",
            "productKey": "12345-67890-09876-54321-13579",
            "modelName": "HP Z420 Workstation",
            "oemManufacturerName": "Hewlett-Packard",
            "policies": [{
                    "key": "o_o_b_e",
                    "value": null
                }
            ],
            "uploadedDate": "2017-08-09T14:35:51.3126144-07:00",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "Device"
            }
        }
    ],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/get-a-list-of-devices-for-the-specified-batch-and-customer.md, after:

---
title: Get a list of devices for the specified batch and customer
description: How to retrieve a collection of devices and device details in the specified device batch for a customer.
ms.date: 07/25/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
author: amitravat
ms.author: amrava
---

# Get a list of devices for the specified batch and customer

**Applies to:**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany

This article describes how to retrieve a collection of devices in a specified device batch for a specified customer. Each device resource contains details about the device.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- A device batch identifier.

## C\#

To retrieve a collection of the devices in a specified device batch for the specified customer:

1. Call the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to retrieve an interface to operations on the specified customer.

2. Call the [**DeviceBatches.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.idevicesbatchcollection.byid) method to get an interface to device batch collection operations for the specified batch.

3. Retrieve the [**Devices**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.idevicesbatch.devices) property to get an interface to device collection operations for the batch.

4. Call the [**Get**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.idevicecollection.get) or [**GetAsync**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.idevicecollection.getasync) method to retrieve the collection of devices.

``` csharp
IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
string selectedCustomerId;
string selectedDeviceBatchId;

var devices =
    partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).DeviceBatches.ById(selectedDeviceBatchId).Devices.Get();
```

For an example, see the following:

- Sample: [Console test app](console-test-app.md)
- Project: **Partner Center SDK Samples**
- Class: **GetDevices.cs**

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                            |
|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/deviceBatches/{devicebatch-id}/devices HTTP/1.1 |

#### URI parameters

Use the following path parameters when creating the request.

| Name           | Type   | Required | Description                                           |
|----------------|--------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id    | string | Yes      | A GUID-formatted string that identifies the customer. |
| devicebatch-id | string | Yes      | A string identifier that identifies the device batch. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/47021739-3426-40bf-9601-61b4b6d7c793/deviceBatches/testbatch/devices HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: e88d014d-ab70-41de-90a0-f7fd1797267d
MS-CorrelationId: de894e18-f027-4ac0-8b5a-34f0c222af0c
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains a paged collection of [Device](device-deployment-resources.md#device) resources. The collection contains 100 devices in a page. To retrieve the next page of 100 devices, the continuationToken in the response body must be included in the subsequent request as an MS-ContinuationToken header.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For a full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 1742
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 4a5002a2-0c1b-4e57-b491-dbcf19c0e7b8
MS-RequestId: 7b3e2e00-b330-4480-9d84-59ace713427f
MS-CV: YrLe3w6BbUSMt1fi.0
MS-ServerId: 030020344
Date: Tue, 25 Jul 2017 17:52:41 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 2,
    "items":
    [{
            "id": "7c141ea9-2816-4e15-a819-53f6856499ff",
            "serialNumber": "2R9-ZNP67",
            "productKey": "00329-00000-0003-AA6069",
            "modelName": "Precision WorkStation T7500",
            "oemManufacturerName":"Dell Inc.",
            "policies":[{
                    "key": "o_o_b_e",
                    "value": null
                }
            ],
            "uploadedDate":"2017-08-09T14:43:26.0092288-07:00",
            " attributes": {
                "objectType": "Device"
            }
        }, {
            "id": "e528a62f-5031-49f4-bea7-5fafe47388fd",
            "serialNumber": "1234567890",
            "productKey": "12345-67890-09876-54321-13579",
            "modelName": "HP Z420 Workstation",
            "oemManufacturerName": "Hewlett-Packard",
            "policies": [{
                    "key": "o_o_b_e",
                    "value": null
                }
            ],
            "uploadedDate": "2017-08-09T14:35:51.3126144-07:00",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "Device"
            }
        }
    ],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```
