develop/get-a-subscription-by-id.md, before:

---
title: Get a subscription by ID
description: Gets a Subscription resource that matches the customer ID and the subscription ID.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
author: amitravat
ms.author: amrava
---

# Get a subscription by ID

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Gets a [Subscription](subscription-resources.md) resource that matches the customer ID and the subscription ID.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- A subscription ID.

## C\#

To get a subscription by ID, begin by obtaining an interface to the subscription operations by calling the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to identify the customer, and the [**Subscriptions.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customerusers.icustomerusercollection.byid) method to identify the subscription. Use that [**interface**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscription) to retrieve the subscription details by calling [**Get**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscription.get).

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string selectedCustomerId;
// string subscriptionID;

var subscriptionDetails = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Subscriptions.ById(subscriptionID).Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetSubscription.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                                |
|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/subscriptions/{id-for-subscription} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

This table lists the required query parameters to get the subscription.

| Name                    | Type     | Required | Description                               |
|-------------------------|----------|----------|-------------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id**  | **guid** | Y        | A GUID corresponding to the customer.     |
| **id-for-subscription** | **guid** | Y        | A GUID corresponding to the subscription. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04/subscriptions/A356AC8C-E310-44F4-BF85-C7F29044AF99 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 8f489776-a3f3-47cb-91c3-538e1f70f560
MS-CorrelationId: e72e1dc3-4abd-4ce0-908b-d23fdaedcb28
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a [Subscription](subscription-resources.md) resource in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example for a standard subscription

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 833
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: e72e1dc3-4abd-4ce0-908b-d23fdaedcb28
MS-RequestId: 8f489776-a3f3-47cb-91c3-538e1f70f560
MS-CV: 7v11Wa//5EuGEo+A.0
MS-ServerId: 202010406
Date: Fri, 27 Jan 2017 21:51:40 GMT

{
    "id": "A356AC8C-E310-44F4-BF85-C7F29044AF99",
    "entitlementId": "42226ED6-070A-4E0F-B80C-4CDFB3E97AA7",
    "offerId": "MS-AZR-0145P",
    "offerName": "Microsoft Azure",
    "friendlyName": "Microsoft Azure",
    "quantity": 1,
    "unitType": "Usage-based",
    "creationDate": "2016-05-10T07:30:05.427Z",
    "effectiveStartDate": "2016-05-10T00:00:00Z",
    "commitmentEndDate": "9999-12-10T00:00:00Z",
    "status": "active",
    "autoRenewEnabled": false,
    "billingType": "usage",
    "contractType": "subscription",
    "links": {
        "offer": {
            "uri": "/offers/MS-AZR-0145P?country=US",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        },
        "self": {
            "uri": "/customers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04/subscriptions/A356AC8C-E310-44F4-BF85-C7F29044AF99",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "orderId": "B23FDEDD-D6BD-415A-8B71-3624C81C9644",
    "attributes": {
        "etag": "eyJpZCI6ImEzNTZhYzhjLWUzMTAtNDRmNC1iZjg1LWM3ZjI5MDQ0YWY5OSIsInZlcnNpb24iOjJ9",
        "objectType": "Subscription"
    }
}
```

### Response example for an add-on subscription

The response for an add-on subscription includes the parent subscription ID in the body and in the links.

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 1132
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 6eacec93-852d-4167-9d96-c57809bea7ed
MS-RequestId: 22bfd0fb-d1e6-4a8f-aa1a-124b7c820d80
MS-CV: cmde2DtbuUWi8JLq.0
MS-ServerId: 201022015
Date: Fri, 27 Jan 2017 00:12:53 GMT

{
    "id": "968BA1CF-C146-4ADF-A300-308DCF718EEE",
    "offerId": "2828BE95-46BA-4F91-B2FD-0BEF192ECF60",
    "offerName": "Exchange Online Archiving for Exchange Online",
    "friendlyName": "Some friendly name",
    "quantity": 2,
    "unitType": "Licenses",
    "parentSubscriptionId": "1C2B75C1-74A5-472A-A729-7F8CEFC477F9",
    "creationDate": "2017-01-25T23:01:08.693Z",
    "effectiveStartDate": "2017-01-25T00:00:00Z",
    "commitmentEndDate": "2018-02-10T00:00:00Z",
    "status": "active",
    "autoRenewEnabled": true,
    "billingType": "license",
    "contractType": "subscription",
    "links": {
        "offer": {
            "uri": "/offers/2828BE95-46BA-4F91-B2FD-0BEF192ECF60?country=US",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        },
        "parentSubscription": {
            "uri": "/customers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04/subscriptions/1C2B75C1-74A5-472A-A729-7F8CEFC477F9",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        },
        "self": {
            "uri": "/customers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04/subscriptions/968BA1CF-C146-4ADF-A300-308DCF718EEE",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "orderId": "CF3B0E37-BE0B-4CDD-B584-D1A97D98A922",
    "attributes": {
        "etag": "eyJpZCI6Ijk2OGJhMWNmLWMxNDYtNGFkZi1hMzAwLTMwOGRjZjcxOGVlZSIsInZlcnNpb24iOjF9",
        "objectType": "Subscription"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/get-a-subscription-by-id.md, after:

---
title: Get a subscription by ID
description: Gets a Subscription resource that matches the customer ID and the subscription ID.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
author: amitravat
ms.author: amrava
---

# Get a subscription by ID

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Gets a [Subscription](subscription-resources.md) resource that matches the customer ID and the subscription ID.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- A subscription ID.

## C\#

To get a subscription by ID, begin by obtaining an interface to the subscription operations by calling the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to identify the customer, and the [**Subscriptions.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customerusers.icustomerusercollection.byid) method to identify the subscription. Use that [**interface**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscription) to retrieve the subscription details by calling [**Get**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscription.get).

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string selectedCustomerId;
// string subscriptionID;

var subscriptionDetails = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Subscriptions.ById(subscriptionID).Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetSubscription.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                                |
|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/subscriptions/{id-for-subscription} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

This table lists the required query parameters to get the subscription.

| Name                    | Type     | Required | Description                               |
|-------------------------|----------|----------|-------------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id**  | **guid** | Y        | A GUID corresponding to the customer.     |
| **id-for-subscription** | **guid** | Y        | A GUID corresponding to the subscription. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04/subscriptions/A356AC8C-E310-44F4-BF85-C7F29044AF99 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 8f489776-a3f3-47cb-91c3-538e1f70f560
MS-CorrelationId: e72e1dc3-4abd-4ce0-908b-d23fdaedcb28
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a [Subscription](subscription-resources.md) resource in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example for a standard subscription

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 833
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: e72e1dc3-4abd-4ce0-908b-d23fdaedcb28
MS-RequestId: 8f489776-a3f3-47cb-91c3-538e1f70f560
MS-CV: 7v11Wa//5EuGEo+A.0
MS-ServerId: 202010406
Date: Fri, 27 Jan 2017 21:51:40 GMT

{
    "id": "A356AC8C-E310-44F4-BF85-C7F29044AF99",
    "entitlementId": "42226ED6-070A-4E0F-B80C-4CDFB3E97AA7",
    "offerId": "MS-AZR-0145P",
    "offerName": "Microsoft Azure",
    "friendlyName": "Microsoft Azure",
    "quantity": 1,
    "unitType": "Usage-based",
    "creationDate": "2016-05-10T07:30:05.427Z",
    "effectiveStartDate": "2016-05-10T00:00:00Z",
    "commitmentEndDate": "9999-12-10T00:00:00Z",
    "status": "active",
    "autoRenewEnabled": false,
    "billingType": "usage",
    "contractType": "subscription",
    "links": {
        "offer": {
            "uri": "/offers/MS-AZR-0145P?country=US",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        },
        "self": {
            "uri": "/customers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04/subscriptions/A356AC8C-E310-44F4-BF85-C7F29044AF99",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "orderId": "B23FDEDD-D6BD-415A-8B71-3624C81C9644",
    "attributes": {
        "etag": "eyJpZCI6ImEzNTZhYzhjLWUzMTAtNDRmNC1iZjg1LWM3ZjI5MDQ0YWY5OSIsInZlcnNpb24iOjJ9",
        "objectType": "Subscription"
    }
}
```

### Response example for an add-on subscription

The response for an add-on subscription includes the parent subscription ID in the body and in the links.

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 1132
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 6eacec93-852d-4167-9d96-c57809bea7ed
MS-RequestId: 22bfd0fb-d1e6-4a8f-aa1a-124b7c820d80
MS-CV: cmde2DtbuUWi8JLq.0
MS-ServerId: 201022015
Date: Fri, 27 Jan 2017 00:12:53 GMT

{
    "id": "968BA1CF-C146-4ADF-A300-308DCF718EEE",
    "offerId": "2828BE95-46BA-4F91-B2FD-0BEF192ECF60",
    "offerName": "Exchange Online Archiving for Exchange Online",
    "friendlyName": "Some friendly name",
    "quantity": 2,
    "unitType": "Licenses",
    "parentSubscriptionId": "1C2B75C1-74A5-472A-A729-7F8CEFC477F9",
    "creationDate": "2017-01-25T23:01:08.693Z",
    "effectiveStartDate": "2017-01-25T00:00:00Z",
    "commitmentEndDate": "2018-02-10T00:00:00Z",
    "status": "active",
    "autoRenewEnabled": true,
    "billingType": "license",
    "contractType": "subscription",
    "links": {
        "offer": {
            "uri": "/offers/2828BE95-46BA-4F91-B2FD-0BEF192ECF60?country=US",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        },
        "parentSubscription": {
            "uri": "/customers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04/subscriptions/1C2B75C1-74A5-472A-A729-7F8CEFC477F9",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        },
        "self": {
            "uri": "/customers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04/subscriptions/968BA1CF-C146-4ADF-A300-308DCF718EEE",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "orderId": "CF3B0E37-BE0B-4CDD-B584-D1A97D98A922",
    "attributes": {
        "etag": "eyJpZCI6Ijk2OGJhMWNmLWMxNDYtNGFkZi1hMzAwLTMwOGRjZjcxOGVlZSIsInZlcnNpb24iOjF9",
        "objectType": "Subscription"
    }
}
```
