develop/get-a-customer-s-usage-records.md, before:

---
title: Get all customer usage records for a partner
description: How to get all customer usage records for a partner for customers that purchased a specific Azure service or resource during the current billing period.
ms.assetid: 58FA3CBD-27CF-46C5-9EB2-188D83896F7D
ms.date: 09/17/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Get usage records for all customers

Applies to:

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

This topic describes how to get the collection of **CustomerMonthlyUsageRecord** resource. This resource represents usage records for all customers, including those with 145P or Azure Plan. 

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.
- A customer ID (**customer-tenant-id**). If you do not have a customer's ID, you can look up the ID in Partner Center by choosing the customer from the customers list, selecting Account, then saving their Microsoft ID.

## C\#

To get a customer's usage records for all customer purchased a specific Azure service or resource during the current billing period:

1. Use your **IAggregatePartner.Customers** collection to call the **ById()** method.
2. Then call **UsageRecords** property. Finish by calling the Get() or GetAsync() methods.

    ``` csharp
    // IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
    var usageRecords = partnerOperations.Customers.UsageRecords.Get();
    ```

For an example, see the following:

- Sample: [Console test app](console-test-app.md)
- Project: **PartnerSDK.FeatureSamples**
- Class: **GetCustomerUsageRecords.cs**

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                   |
|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/usagerecords HTTP/1.1 |

### Request headers

See [Headers](headers.md) for more information.

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/usagerecords HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: e128c8e2-4c33-4940-a3e2-2e59b0abdc67
MS-CorrelationId: 47c36033-af5d-4457-80a4-512c1626fac4
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a **CustomerMonthlyUsageRecord** resource in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, the error type, and additional parameters. For a full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

>[!NOTE]
>Use "isUpgraded" property to identify those customers that have Azure plan. 
>"isUpgraded" = true represents customers that have Azure plan

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 1120
Content-Type: application/json
MS-CorrelationId: 47c36033-af5d-4457-80a4-512c1626fac4
MS-RequestId: e128c8e2-4c33-4940-a3e2-2e59b0abdc67
Date: Tue, 17 Sep 2019 20:31:45 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 25,
    "items": [
        {
            "budget": {
                "attributes": {
                    "objectType": "SpendingBudget"
                }
            },
            "customerSpendingBudget": {
                "attributes": {
                    "objectType": "SpendingBudget"
                }
            },
            "percentUsed": 0,
            "isUpgraded": false,
            "resourceId": "11111111-1843-4b3b-872f-206e08a08e51",
            "id": "11111111-1843-4b3b-872f-206e08a08e51",
            "resourceName": "LEGACY AZURE CUSTOMER SE",
            "name": "LEGACY AZURE CUSTOMER SE",
            "totalCost": 0,
            "currencyLocale": "fr-FR",
            "usdTotalCost": 0,
            "lastModifiedDate": "2019-08-01T23:00:16.57+00:00",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "CustomerMonthlyUsageRecord"
            }
        },
        {
            "budget": {
                "amount": 20,
                "attributes": {
                    "objectType": "SpendingBudget"
                }
            },
            "percentUsed": 602.84,
            "isUpgraded": true,
            "resourceId": "11111111-6fb9-4b05-8f15-b3d72e0596e6",
            "id": "11111111-6fb9-4b05-8f15-b3d72e0596e6",
            "resourceName": "Modern Azure Customer SE",
            "name": "Modern Azure Customer SE",
            "totalCost": 120.5682999999995904716,
            "currencyCode": "SEK",
            "usdTotalCost": 12.39999999999999985235,
            "lastModifiedDate": "2019-09-17T17:08:11.1433333+00:00",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "CustomerMonthlyUsageRecord"
            }
        },
        {
            "budget": {
                "attributes": {
                    "objectType": "SpendingBudget"
                }
            },
            "percentUsed": 0,
            "isUpgraded": true,
            "resourceId": "11111111-5892-4326-8541-9da1fdb233fb",
            "id": "11111111-5892-4326-8541-9da1fdb233fb",
            "resourceName": "Test_Test_MA20190829_14",
            "name": "Test_Test_MA20190829_14",
            "totalCost": 0,
            "currencyCode": "GBP",
            "usdTotalCost": 0,
            "lastModifiedDate": "2019-09-17T17:08:11.1433333+00:00",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "CustomerMonthlyUsageRecord"
            }
        },
		 {
            "budget": {
                "amount": 97,
                "attributes": {
                    "objectType": "SpendingBudget"
                }
            },
            "percentUsed": 28.08,
            "isUpgraded": true,
            "resourceId": "11111111-641b-4c53-b7fc-0f2bfca8a581",
            "id": "11111111-641b-4c53-b7fc-0f2bfca8a581",
            "resourceName": "Modern Azure Customer UK",
            "name": "Modern Azure Customer UK",
            "totalCost": 27.23292827625710931604,
            "currencyCode": "GBP",
            "usdTotalCost": 33.280000000000001044,
            "lastModifiedDate": "2019-09-17T17:08:11.1433333+00:00",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "CustomerMonthlyUsageRecord"
            }
        }
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/customers/usagerecords",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Edit new customer usage records topic

develop/get-a-customer-s-usage-records.md, after:

---
title: Get usage records for all customers
description: Partners can get usage records for all customers who purchased a specific Azure service or resource during the current billing period.
ms.assetid: 
ms.date: 09/24/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Get usage records for all customers

Applies to:

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Partners can use the **CustomerMonthlyUsageRecord** resource collection to get usage records for all their customers. This resource represents usage records for all customers, including those with an **Azure 145P offer** or an **Azure plan**.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.
- A customer identifier (**customer-tenant-id**). If you do not have a customer's identifier, you can look up the identifier in Partner Center by choosing the customer from the customers list, selecting **Account**, then saving their **Microsoft ID**.

## C\#

To get all the usage records for all customers who purchased a specific Azure service or resource during the current billing period:

1. Use your **IAggregatePartner.Customers** collection to call the **ById()** method.
2. Call **UsageRecords** property, then call the **Get()** or **GetAsync()** method.

    ``` csharp
    // IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
    var usageRecords = partnerOperations.Customers.UsageRecords.Get();
    ```

For an example, see the following:

- Sample: [Console test app](console-test-app.md)
- Project: **PartnerSDK.FeatureSamples**
- Class: **GetCustomerUsageRecords.cs**

## REST

### REST request

#### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                   |
|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/usagerecords HTTP/1.1 |

#### Request headers

For more information, see [Headers](headers.md).

#### Request body

None.

#### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/usagerecords HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: e128c8e2-4c33-4940-a3e2-2e59b0abdc67
MS-CorrelationId: 47c36033-af5d-4457-80a4-512c1626fac4
```

### REST response

If successful, this method returns a **CustomerMonthlyUsageRecord** resource in the response body.

#### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, the error type, and additional parameters. For a full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

#### Response example

You can use the **isUpgraded** property to identify customers who have an Azure plan. If the value for **isUpgraded** is **true**, this means the customers have an Azure plan.

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 1120
Content-Type: application/json
MS-CorrelationId: 47c36033-af5d-4457-80a4-512c1626fac4
MS-RequestId: e128c8e2-4c33-4940-a3e2-2e59b0abdc67
Date: Tue, 17 Sep 2019 20:31:45 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 25,
    "items": [
        {
            "budget": {
                "attributes": {
                    "objectType": "SpendingBudget"
                }
            },
            "customerSpendingBudget": {
                "attributes": {
                    "objectType": "SpendingBudget"
                }
            },
            "percentUsed": 0,
            "isUpgraded": false,
            "resourceId": "11111111-1843-4b3b-872f-206e08a08e51",
            "id": "11111111-1843-4b3b-872f-206e08a08e51",
            "resourceName": "LEGACY AZURE CUSTOMER SE",
            "name": "LEGACY AZURE CUSTOMER SE",
            "totalCost": 0,
            "currencyLocale": "fr-FR",
            "usdTotalCost": 0,
            "lastModifiedDate": "2019-08-01T23:00:16.57+00:00",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "CustomerMonthlyUsageRecord"
            }
        },
        {
            "budget": {
                "amount": 20,
                "attributes": {
                    "objectType": "SpendingBudget"
                }
            },
            "percentUsed": 602.84,
            "isUpgraded": true,
            "resourceId": "11111111-6fb9-4b05-8f15-b3d72e0596e6",
            "id": "11111111-6fb9-4b05-8f15-b3d72e0596e6",
            "resourceName": "Modern Azure Customer SE",
            "name": "Modern Azure Customer SE",
            "totalCost": 120.5682999999995904716,
            "currencyCode": "SEK",
            "usdTotalCost": 12.39999999999999985235,
            "lastModifiedDate": "2019-09-17T17:08:11.1433333+00:00",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "CustomerMonthlyUsageRecord"
            }
        },
        {
            "budget": {
                "attributes": {
                    "objectType": "SpendingBudget"
                }
            },
            "percentUsed": 0,
            "isUpgraded": true,
            "resourceId": "11111111-5892-4326-8541-9da1fdb233fb",
            "id": "11111111-5892-4326-8541-9da1fdb233fb",
            "resourceName": "Test_Test_MA20190829_14",
            "name": "Test_Test_MA20190829_14",
            "totalCost": 0,
            "currencyCode": "GBP",
            "usdTotalCost": 0,
            "lastModifiedDate": "2019-09-17T17:08:11.1433333+00:00",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "CustomerMonthlyUsageRecord"
            }
        },
           {
            "budget": {
                "amount": 97,
                "attributes": {
                    "objectType": "SpendingBudget"
                }
            },
            "percentUsed": 28.08,
            "isUpgraded": true,
            "resourceId": "11111111-641b-4c53-b7fc-0f2bfca8a581",
            "id": "11111111-641b-4c53-b7fc-0f2bfca8a581",
            "resourceName": "Modern Azure Customer UK",
            "name": "Modern Azure Customer UK",
            "totalCost": 27.23292827625710931604,
            "currencyCode": "GBP",
            "usdTotalCost": 33.280000000000001044,
            "lastModifiedDate": "2019-09-17T17:08:11.1433333+00:00",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "CustomerMonthlyUsageRecord"
            }
        }
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/customers/usagerecords",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```
