develop/get-partner-by-mpn-id.md, before:

---
title: Verify a partner MPN ID
description: How to verify a partner's Microsoft Partner Network identifier (MPN ID).The technique shown here verifies the partner's Microsoft Partner Network identifier by requesting the partner's MPN profile from partner center.
ms.date: 09/29/2018
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Verify a partner MPN ID

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

How to verify a partner's Microsoft Partner Network identifier (MPN ID).

The technique shown here verifies the partner's Microsoft Partner Network identifier by requesting the partner's MPN profile from partner center. The identifier is considered valid if the request succeeds.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- The partner MPN ID to verify. If you omit this value, the request retrieves the MPN profile of the signed-in partner.

## C\#

To verify a partner's MPN ID, first retrieve an interface to partner profile collection operations from the [**IAggregatePartner.Profiles**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.ipartner.profiles) property. Then get an interface to MPN profile operations from the [**MpnProfile**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.profiles.ipartnerprofilecollection.mpnprofile) property. Finally, call the [**Get**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.profiles.impnprofile.get) or [**GetAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.profiles.impnprofile.getasync) methods with the MPN ID to retrieve the MPN profile. If you omit the MPN ID from the Get or GetAsync call, the request attempts to retrieve the MPN profile of the signed-in partner.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string partnerMpnId;

var partnerProfile = partnerOperations.Profiles.MpnProfile.Get(partnerMpnId);
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: VerifyPartnerMpnId.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                         |
|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/profiles/mpn?mpnId={mpn-id} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Provide the following query parameter to identify the partner. If you omit this query parameter, the request returns the MPN profile of the signed-in partner.

| Name   | Type | Required | Description                                                 |
|--------|------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| mpn-id | int  | No       | A Microsoft Partner Network ID that identifies the partner. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/profiles/mpn?mpnId=9999999 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 560df6b9-6e53-4954-aed7-133477ac1194
MS-CorrelationId: e937630b-8341-4d70-8f73-450d32ee0189
X-Locale: en-US
MS-PartnerCenter-Client: Partner Center .NET SDK
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains the [MpnProfile](profile-resources.md#mpnprofile) resource for the partner.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example (success)

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 159
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: e937630b-8341-4d70-8f73-450d32ee0189
MS-RequestId: e39e0ddf-3fd0-4b7e-bb4e-8aebe242d3ee
MS-CV: s2GvkNgZsUSadxQX.0
MS-ServerId: 030011719
Date: Thu, 13 Apr 2017 18:13:40 GMT

{
    "mpnId": "4391507",
    "profileType": "MpnProfile",
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/profiles/mpn",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "MpnProfile"
    }
}
```

### Response example (failure)

```http
HTTP/1.1 404 Not Found
Content-Length: 124
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: e937630b-8341-4d70-8f73-450d32ee0189
MS-RequestId: 560df6b9-6e53-4954-aed7-133477ac1194
MS-CV: sLRFZMWm+EKuL47u.0
MS-ServerId: 102030524
Date: Thu, 13 Apr 2017 18:26:51 GMT

{
    "code": 3000,
    "description": "Partner Organization with partner_id 9999999 could not be found",
    "data": [],
    "source": "PartnerFD"
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/get-partner-by-mpn-id.md, after:

---
title: Verify a partner MPN ID
description: How to verify a partner's Microsoft Partner Network identifier (MPN ID).The technique shown here verifies the partner's Microsoft Partner Network identifier by requesting the partner's MPN profile from partner center.
ms.date: 09/29/2018
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Verify a partner MPN ID

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

How to verify a partner's Microsoft Partner Network identifier (MPN ID).

The technique shown here verifies the partner's Microsoft Partner Network identifier by requesting the partner's MPN profile from partner center. The identifier is considered valid if the request succeeds.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- The partner MPN ID to verify. If you omit this value, the request retrieves the MPN profile of the signed-in partner.

## C\#

To verify a partner's MPN ID, first retrieve an interface to partner profile collection operations from the [**IAggregatePartner.Profiles**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.ipartner.profiles) property. Then get an interface to MPN profile operations from the [**MpnProfile**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.profiles.ipartnerprofilecollection.mpnprofile) property. Finally, call the [**Get**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.profiles.impnprofile.get) or [**GetAsync**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.profiles.impnprofile.getasync) methods with the MPN ID to retrieve the MPN profile. If you omit the MPN ID from the Get or GetAsync call, the request attempts to retrieve the MPN profile of the signed-in partner.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string partnerMpnId;

var partnerProfile = partnerOperations.Profiles.MpnProfile.Get(partnerMpnId);
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: VerifyPartnerMpnId.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                         |
|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/profiles/mpn?mpnId={mpn-id} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Provide the following query parameter to identify the partner. If you omit this query parameter, the request returns the MPN profile of the signed-in partner.

| Name   | Type | Required | Description                                                 |
|--------|------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| mpn-id | int  | No       | A Microsoft Partner Network ID that identifies the partner. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/profiles/mpn?mpnId=9999999 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 560df6b9-6e53-4954-aed7-133477ac1194
MS-CorrelationId: e937630b-8341-4d70-8f73-450d32ee0189
X-Locale: en-US
MS-PartnerCenter-Client: Partner Center .NET SDK
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains the [MpnProfile](profile-resources.md#mpnprofile) resource for the partner.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example (success)

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 159
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: e937630b-8341-4d70-8f73-450d32ee0189
MS-RequestId: e39e0ddf-3fd0-4b7e-bb4e-8aebe242d3ee
MS-CV: s2GvkNgZsUSadxQX.0
MS-ServerId: 030011719
Date: Thu, 13 Apr 2017 18:13:40 GMT

{
    "mpnId": "4391507",
    "profileType": "MpnProfile",
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/profiles/mpn",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "MpnProfile"
    }
}
```

### Response example (failure)

```http
HTTP/1.1 404 Not Found
Content-Length: 124
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: e937630b-8341-4d70-8f73-450d32ee0189
MS-RequestId: 560df6b9-6e53-4954-aed7-133477ac1194
MS-CV: sLRFZMWm+EKuL47u.0
MS-ServerId: 102030524
Date: Thu, 13 Apr 2017 18:26:51 GMT

{
    "code": 3000,
    "description": "Partner Organization with partner_id 9999999 could not be found",
    "data": [],
    "source": "PartnerFD"
}
```
