develop/get-a-list-of-trial-conversion-offers.md, before:

---
title: Get a list of trial conversion offers
description: How to retrieve a list of trial conversion offers.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Get a list of trial conversion offers

**Applies To**

- Partner Center

How to retrieve a list of trial conversion offers.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- A subscription ID for an active trial subscription.

## C\#

To get a list of trial conversions available, start by using the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to identify the customer. Then, get an interface to subscription operations by calling the [**Subscriptions.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customerusers.icustomerusercollection.byid) method with the trial subscription ID. Next, use the [**Conversions**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscription.conversions) property to obtain an interface to the available operations on conversions, and then call the [**Get**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscriptionconversioncollection.get) or [**GetAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscriptionconversioncollection.getasync) method to retrieve a collection of available [**Conversion**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.subscriptions.conversion) offers.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string customerId;
// string subscriptionId;

// Get the available conversions.
var conversions =
    partnerOperations.Customers.ById(customerId).Subscriptions.ById(subscriptionId).Conversions.Get();
```

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                                 |
|---------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/conversions HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following path parameters to identify the customer and trial subscription.

| Name            | Type   | Required | Description                                                     |
|-----------------|--------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id     | string | Yes      | A GUID formatted string that identifies the customer.           |
| subscription-id | string | Yes      | A GUID formatted string that identifies the trial subscription. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/0c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1/subscriptions/488745B5-2086-4912-802C-6ABB9F7C3638/conversions HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: e17f5bc6-24bf-4cbe-b632-d7fc6cec3058
MS-CorrelationId: 8daa6d54-72ab-4d6b-9c7d-9266d3734a47
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains a collection of [Conversion](conversions-resources.md#conversionresult) resources.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 305
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 8daa6d54-72ab-4d6b-9c7d-9266d3734a47
MS-RequestId: e17f5bc6-24bf-4cbe-b632-d7fc6cec3058
MS-CV: feJByqU1X0ObaTQr.0
MS-ServerId: 030011719
Date: Thu, 15 Jun 2017 23:10:01 GMT

 {
    "totalCount": 1,
    "items": [{
            "offerId": "C0BD2E08-11AC-4836-BDC7-3712E744922F",
            "targetOfferId": "031C9E47-4802-4248-838E-778FB1D2CC05",
            "orderId": "D51A052E-043C-4A2A-AA37-2BB938CEF6C1",
            "quantity": 25,
            "billingCycle": "monthly",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "Conversion"
            }
        }
    ],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/get-a-list-of-trial-conversion-offers.md, after:

---
title: Get a list of trial conversion offers
description: How to retrieve a list of trial conversion offers.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Get a list of trial conversion offers

**Applies To**

- Partner Center

How to retrieve a list of trial conversion offers.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- A subscription ID for an active trial subscription.

## C\#

To get a list of trial conversions available, start by using the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to identify the customer. Then, get an interface to subscription operations by calling the [**Subscriptions.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customerusers.icustomerusercollection.byid) method with the trial subscription ID. Next, use the [**Conversions**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscription.conversions) property to obtain an interface to the available operations on conversions, and then call the [**Get**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscriptionconversioncollection.get) or [**GetAsync**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscriptionconversioncollection.getasync) method to retrieve a collection of available [**Conversion**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.subscriptions.conversion) offers.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string customerId;
// string subscriptionId;

// Get the available conversions.
var conversions =
    partnerOperations.Customers.ById(customerId).Subscriptions.ById(subscriptionId).Conversions.Get();
```

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                                 |
|---------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/conversions HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following path parameters to identify the customer and trial subscription.

| Name            | Type   | Required | Description                                                     |
|-----------------|--------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id     | string | Yes      | A GUID formatted string that identifies the customer.           |
| subscription-id | string | Yes      | A GUID formatted string that identifies the trial subscription. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/0c39d6d5-c70d-4c55-bc02-f620844f3fd1/subscriptions/488745B5-2086-4912-802C-6ABB9F7C3638/conversions HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: e17f5bc6-24bf-4cbe-b632-d7fc6cec3058
MS-CorrelationId: 8daa6d54-72ab-4d6b-9c7d-9266d3734a47
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains a collection of [Conversion](conversions-resources.md#conversionresult) resources.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 305
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 8daa6d54-72ab-4d6b-9c7d-9266d3734a47
MS-RequestId: e17f5bc6-24bf-4cbe-b632-d7fc6cec3058
MS-CV: feJByqU1X0ObaTQr.0
MS-ServerId: 030011719
Date: Thu, 15 Jun 2017 23:10:01 GMT

 {
    "totalCount": 1,
    "items": [{
            "offerId": "C0BD2E08-11AC-4836-BDC7-3712E744922F",
            "targetOfferId": "031C9E47-4802-4248-838E-778FB1D2CC05",
            "orderId": "D51A052E-043C-4A2A-AA37-2BB938CEF6C1",
            "quantity": 25,
            "billingCycle": "monthly",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "Conversion"
            }
        }
    ],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```
