develop/get-a-collection-of-entitlements.md, before:

---
title: Get a collection of entitlements
description: How to get a collection of entitlements.
ms.assetid: 3EE2F67D-8D99-4FAB-A2D6-D33BAD1F324F
ms.date: 07/27/2018
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Get a collection of entitlements


**Applies To**

- Partner Center

How to get a collection of entitlements.

## <span id="Prerequisites"/><span id="prerequisites"/><span id="PREREQUISITES"/>Prerequisites


- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials.
- A customer identifier.

## <span id="C_"/><span id="c_"/>C#


To get an entitlements collection for a customer, obtain an interface to [**Entitlement**](entitlement-resources.md#entitlement) operations by calling the  [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to identify the customer. Then, retrieve the interface from the **Entitlements** property and call the **Get()** or **GetAsync()** method to retrieve the collection of entitlements.

``` csharp
IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
string customerId;

// Get the collection of entitlements.
var entitlements = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(customerId).Entitlements.Get();
```

## <span id="Request"/><span id="request"/><span id="REQUEST"/>REST Request


**Request syntax**

| Method | Request URI |
|--------|-------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customerId}/entitlements HTTP/1.1                            |

 

**URI parameters**

Use the following path and query parameters when creating the request.

| Name | Type | Required | Description |
|------|------|----------|-------------|
| customerId | string | Yes | A GUID formatted customerId that identifies the customer. |

 

**Request headers**

- See [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md) for more information.

**Request body**

None.

**Request example**

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/18ac2950-8ea9-4dfc-92a4-ff4d4cd57796/entitlements HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <Token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: cdc428d2-035b-41c4-9a32-e643c4471cbd
MS-CorrelationId: 799eee8d-07d1-452a-a035-388259df137c
X-Locale: en-US
MS-PartnerCenter-Client: Partner Center .NET SDK
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## <span id="REST_Response"/><span id="rest_response"/><span id="REST_RESPONSE"/>REST Response


If successful, the response body contains a collection of [Entitlement](entitlement-resources.md#entitlement) resources.

**Response success and error codes**

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

**Response example**

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 103778
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 799eee8d-07d1-452a-a035-388259df137c
MS-RequestId: cdc428d2-035b-41c4-9a32-e643c4471cbd
X-Locale: en-US
MS-CV: EjFdw8fCpkKyMyza.0
MS-ServerId: 000002
Date: Mon, 19 Mar 2018 07:42:51 GMT

{
  "totalCount": 2,
  "items": [
    {
      "includedEntitlements": [],
      "referenceOrder": {
        "id": "KaJ8XvkKc_GoNZOUyjVaRJalTBN5MWdV1",
        "lineItemId": "0"
      },
      "productId": "DZH318Z0BQ3W",
      "quantity": 1,
      "entitledArtifacts": [
        {
          "link": {
            "uri": "/customers/18ac2950-8ea9-4dfc-92a4-ff4d4cd57796/artifacts/reservedinstance/groups/2caf524395724e638ef64e109f1f79ca/lineitems/03500b1b-f2d6-4e23-ab4b-9fd67b917012/resource/ebf2e74b-630e-4a09-857d-a1f6c6351336",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
          },
          "resourceId": "ebf2e74b-630e-4a09-857d-a1f6c6351336",
          "artifactType": "reservedinstance"
        }
      ],
      "skuId": "007J",
      "skuTitle": "Reserved VM Instance, Standard_F2, US East 2, 1 Year",
      "entitlementType": "reservedinstance"
      "dynamicAttributes": {
               "reservationType": "virtualmachines"
        }
    },    
    {
      "includedEntitlements": [
        {
          "includedEntitlements": [],
          "referenceOrder": {
              "id": "NUXMSvmS20EQ4kFsZmzkSqb747fqKmNk1",
              "lineItemId": "0"
          },
          "productId": "DG7GMGF0DWTJ",
          "quantity": 1,
          "entitledArtifacts": [],
          "skuId": "0001",
          "entitlementType": "software"
        },
        {
          "includedEntitlements": [],
          "referenceOrder": {
            "id": "NUXMSvmS20EQ4kFsZmzkSqb747fqKmNk1",
            "lineItemId": "0"
          },
            "productId": "DG7GMGF0DWLG",
            "quantity": 1,
            "entitledArtifacts": [],
            "skuId": "0002",
            "entitlementType": "software"
          }
        ],
        "referenceOrder": {
          "id": "NUXMSvmS20EQ4kFsZmzkSqb747fqKmNk1",
          "lineItemId": "0"
        },
        "productId": "DG7GMGF0DWTK",
        "quantity": 1,
        "entitledArtifacts": [],
        "skuId": "0002",
        "entitlementType": "software"
    }
  ],
  "attributes": {
    "objectType": "Collection"
  }
}  
```


## <span id="AdditionalExamples"/><span id="additionalexamples"/>Additional Examples   

The following examples show you how to retrieve information about products and reservations from an entitlement.

### <span id="VirtualMachineReservationExample_SDK_1.8"/><span id="virtualmachinereservationexample_sdk_1.8"/><span id="VIRTUALMACHINERESERVATIONEXAMPLE_SDK_1.8"/>Retrieve virtual machine reservation details from an entitlement by using SDK V1.8

**C# example**   

To retrieve more details related to the virtual machine reservations from an entitlement, invoke the URI exposed under entitledArtifacts.link with artifactType = virtual_machine_reserved_instance .

``` csharp
ResourceCollection<Entitlement> entitlements = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Entitlements.ByEntitlementType("VirtualMachineReservedInstance").Get();


((VirtualMachineReservedInstanceArtifact)entitlements.First().EntitledArtifacts.First(x => x.Type == ArtifactType.VirtualMachineReservedInstance)).Link.InvokeAsync<VirtualMachineReservedInstanceArtifactDetails>(partnerOperations)
```

**Request example**

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/18ac2950-8ea9-4dfc-92a4-ff4d4cd57796/artifacts/virtualmachinereservedinstance/groups/2caf524395724e638ef64e109f1f79ca/lineitems/03500b1b-f2d6-4e23-ab4b-9fd67b917012/resource/ebf2e74b-630e-4a09-857d-a1f6c6351336 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <Token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: cdc428d2-035b-41c4-9a32-e643c4471cbd
MS-CorrelationId: 799eee8d-07d1-452a-a035-388259df137c
X-Locale: en-US
MS-PartnerCenter-Client: Partner Center .NET SDK
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com 
```

**Response example**

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 368
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 799eee8d-07d1-452a-a035-388259df137c
MS-RequestId: cdc428d2-035b-41c4-9a32-e643c4471cbd
X-Locale: en-US
MS-CV: yrdTGsZ7IU2v9okv.0
MS-ServerId: 000002
Date: Mon, 19 Mar 2018 07:45:14 GMT

{
  "type": "virtual_machine_reserved_instance",
  "virtualMachineReservations": [
    {
      "reservationId": "99f320db-c029-4c1b-a157-dad76e4481b6",
      "scopeType": "Shared",
      "quantity": 1,
      "expiryDateTime": "2019-02-23T00:00:00",
      "effectiveDateTime": "2018-02-23T18:15:24.6724884Z",
      "provisioningState": "Created"
    }
  ]
}
```

### <span id="ReservationExample_SDK_1.9"/><span id="reservationexample_sdk_1.9"/><span id="RESERVATIONEXAMPLE_SDK_1.9"/>Retrieve reservation details from an entitlement by using SDK V1.9  

**C# example**  

To retrieve more details related to the reservations from a reserved instance entitlement, invoke the URI exposed under ```entitledArtifacts.link``` with ```artifactType = reservedinstance```.

``` csharp
ResourceCollection<Entitlement> entitlements = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Entitlements.ByEntitlementType("ReservedInstance").Get();  

((ReservedInstanceArtifact)entitlements.First().EntitledArtifacts.First(x => x.Type == ArtifactType.ReservedInstance)).Link.InvokeAsync<ReservedInstanceArtifactDetails>(partnerOperations);
```

**Request example**

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/18ac2950-8ea9-4dfc-92a4-ff4d4cd57796/artifacts/reservedinstance/groups/2caf524395724e638ef64e109f1f79ca/lineitems/03500b1b-f2d6-4e23-ab4b-9fd67b917012/resource/ebf2e74b-630e-4a09-857d-a1f6c6351336 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <Token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: cdc428d2-035b-41c4-9a32-e643c4471cbd
MS-CorrelationId: 799eee8d-07d1-452a-a035-388259df137c
X-Locale: en-US
MS-PartnerCenter-Client: Partner Center .NET SDK
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com 
```

**Response example**  

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 368
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 799eee8d-07d1-452a-a035-388259df137c
MS-RequestId: cdc428d2-035b-41c4-9a32-e643c4471cbd
X-Locale: en-US
MS-CV: yrdTGsZ7IU2v9okv.0
MS-ServerId: 000002
Date: Mon, 19 Mar 2018 07:45:14 GMT

{
  "type": "reservedinstance",
  "virtualMachineReservations": [
    {
      "reservationId": "99f320db-c029-4c1b-a157-dad76e4481b6",
      "scopeType": "Shared",
      "quantity": 1,
      "expiryDateTime": "2019-02-23T00:00:00",
      "effectiveDateTime": "2018-02-23T18:15:24.6724884Z",
      "provisioningState": "Created"
    }
  ]
}
```

### API Consumers  
Partners who are using the API to query virtual machine reserved instance entitlements – Update the request URI from **/customers/{customerId}/entitlements to /customers/{customerId}/entitlements?entitlementType=virtualmachinereservedinstance** to maintain backward compatibility. In order to consume virtual machine or Azure SQL with enhanced contract, update the request URI to **/customers/{customerId}/entitlements?entitlementType=reservedinstance**.

Commit message:

adding GTM related changes for entitlement service

develop/get-a-collection-of-entitlements.md, after:

---
title: Get a collection of entitlements
description: How to get a collection of entitlements.
ms.assetid: 3EE2F67D-8D99-4FAB-A2D6-D33BAD1F324F
ms.date: 01/28/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Get a collection of entitlements


**Applies To**

- Partner Center

How to get a collection of entitlements.

## <span id="Prerequisites"/><span id="prerequisites"/><span id="PREREQUISITES"/>Prerequisites


- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials.
- A customer identifier.

## <span id="C_"/><span id="c_"/>C#


To get an entitlements collection for a customer, obtain an interface to [**Entitlement**](entitlement-resources.md#entitlement) operations by calling the  [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to identify the customer. Then, retrieve the interface from the **Entitlements** property and call the **Get()** or **GetAsync()** method to retrieve the collection of entitlements.

``` csharp
IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
string customerId;

// Get the collection of entitlements.
var entitlements = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(customerId).Entitlements.Get();
```
To populate expiry dates for the entitlements to be retrieved, call the same methods above and set the optional boolean parameter **showExpiry** to true (**Get(true)** or **GetAsync(true)**). This indicates that expiry dates are required (when applicable).

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> On-premise entitlement types do not have expiry dates.

## <span id="Request"/><span id="request"/><span id="REQUEST"/>REST Request


**Request syntax**

| Method | Request URI |
|--------|-------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customerId}/entitlements HTTP/1.1                            |

 

**URI parameters**

Use the following path and query parameters when creating the request.

| Name | Type | Required | Description |
|------|------|----------|-------------|
| customerId | string | Yes | A GUID formatted customerId that identifies the customer. |
| entitlementType | string | No | Can be used to specify the type of entitlements to be retrieved (**software** or **reservedInstance** ). If not set, both types are retrieved |
| showExpiry | boolean | No | Optional flag which indicates if entitlements exipry dates are required. |

 

**Request headers**

- See [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md) for more information.

**Request body**

None.

**Request example**

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/18ac2950-8ea9-4dfc-92a4-ff4d4cd57796/entitlements HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <Token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: cdc428d2-035b-41c4-9a32-e643c4471cbd
MS-CorrelationId: 799eee8d-07d1-452a-a035-388259df137c
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## <span id="REST_Response"/><span id="rest_response"/><span id="REST_RESPONSE"/>REST Response


If successful, the response body contains a collection of [Entitlement](entitlement-resources.md#entitlement) resources.

**Response success and error codes**

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

**Response example**

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 103778
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 799eee8d-07d1-452a-a035-388259df137c
MS-RequestId: cdc428d2-035b-41c4-9a32-e643c4471cbd
X-Locale: en-US
MS-CV: EjFdw8fCpkKyMyza.0
MS-ServerId: 000002
Date: Mon, 19 Mar 2018 07:42:51 GMT

{
  "totalCount": 2,
  "items": [
    {
      "includedEntitlements": [],
      "referenceOrder": {
        "id": "KaJ8XvkKc_GoNZOUyjVaRJalTBN5MWdV1",
        "lineItemId": "0"
      },
      "productId": "DZH318Z0BQ3W",
      "quantity": 1,
      "entitledArtifacts": [
        {
          "link": {
            "uri": "/customers/18ac2950-8ea9-4dfc-92a4-ff4d4cd57796/artifacts/reservedinstance/groups/2caf524395724e638ef64e109f1f79ca/lineitems/03500b1b-f2d6-4e23-ab4b-9fd67b917012/resource/ebf2e74b-630e-4a09-857d-a1f6c6351336",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
          },
          "resourceId": "ebf2e74b-630e-4a09-857d-a1f6c6351336",
          "artifactType": "reservedinstance"
        }
      ],
      "skuId": "007J",
      "skuTitle": "Reserved VM Instance, Standard_F2, US East 2, 1 Year",
      "entitlementType": "reservedinstance"
      "dynamicAttributes": {
               "reservationType": "virtualmachines"
        }
    },    
    {
      "includedEntitlements": [
        {
          "includedEntitlements": [],
          "referenceOrder": {
              "id": "NUXMSvmS20EQ4kFsZmzkSqb747fqKmNk1",
              "lineItemId": "0"
          },
          "productId": "DG7GMGF0DWTJ",
          "quantity": 1,
          "entitledArtifacts": [],
          "skuId": "0001",
          "entitlementType": "software"
        },
        {
          "includedEntitlements": [],
          "referenceOrder": {
            "id": "NUXMSvmS20EQ4kFsZmzkSqb747fqKmNk1",
            "lineItemId": "0"
          },
            "productId": "DG7GMGF0DWLG",
            "quantity": 1,
            "entitledArtifacts": [],
            "skuId": "0002",
            "entitlementType": "software"
          }
        ],
        "referenceOrder": {
          "id": "NUXMSvmS20EQ4kFsZmzkSqb747fqKmNk1",
          "lineItemId": "0"
        },
        "productId": "DG7GMGF0DWTK",
        "quantity": 1,
        "entitledArtifacts": [],
        "skuId": "0002",
        "entitlementType": "software"
    }
  ],
  "attributes": {
    "objectType": "Collection"
  }
}  
```


## <span id="AdditionalExamples"/><span id="additionalexamples"/>Additional Examples   

The following examples show you how to retrieve information about products and reservations from an entitlement.

### <span id="VirtualMachineReservationExample_SDK_1.8"/><span id="virtualmachinereservationexample_sdk_1.8"/><span id="VIRTUALMACHINERESERVATIONEXAMPLE_SDK_1.8"/>Retrieve virtual machine reservation details from an entitlement by using SDK V1.8

**C# example**   

To retrieve more details related to the virtual machine reservations from an entitlement, invoke the URI exposed under entitledArtifacts.link with artifactType = virtual_machine_reserved_instance .

``` csharp
ResourceCollection<Entitlement> entitlements = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Entitlements.ByEntitlementType("VirtualMachineReservedInstance").Get();


((VirtualMachineReservedInstanceArtifact)entitlements.First().EntitledArtifacts.First(x => x.Type == ArtifactType.VirtualMachineReservedInstance)).Link.InvokeAsync<VirtualMachineReservedInstanceArtifactDetails>(partnerOperations)
```

**Request example**

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/18ac2950-8ea9-4dfc-92a4-ff4d4cd57796/artifacts/virtualmachinereservedinstance/groups/2caf524395724e638ef64e109f1f79ca/lineitems/03500b1b-f2d6-4e23-ab4b-9fd67b917012/resource/ebf2e74b-630e-4a09-857d-a1f6c6351336 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <Token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: cdc428d2-035b-41c4-9a32-e643c4471cbd
MS-CorrelationId: 799eee8d-07d1-452a-a035-388259df137c
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com 
```

**Response example**

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 368
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 799eee8d-07d1-452a-a035-388259df137c
MS-RequestId: cdc428d2-035b-41c4-9a32-e643c4471cbd
X-Locale: en-US
MS-CV: yrdTGsZ7IU2v9okv.0
MS-ServerId: 000002
Date: Mon, 19 Mar 2018 07:45:14 GMT

{
  "type": "virtual_machine_reserved_instance",
  "virtualMachineReservations": [
    {
      "reservationId": "99f320db-c029-4c1b-a157-dad76e4481b6",
      "scopeType": "Shared",
      "quantity": 1,
      "expiryDateTime": "2019-02-23T00:00:00",
      "effectiveDateTime": "2018-02-23T18:15:24.6724884Z",
      "provisioningState": "Created"
    }
  ]
}
```

### <span id="ReservationExample_SDK_1.9"/><span id="reservationexample_sdk_1.9"/><span id="RESERVATIONEXAMPLE_SDK_1.9"/>Retrieve reservation details from an entitlement by using SDK V1.9  

**C# example**  

To retrieve more details related to the reservations from a reserved instance entitlement, invoke the URI exposed under ```entitledArtifacts.link``` with ```artifactType = reservedinstance```.

``` csharp
ResourceCollection<Entitlement> entitlements = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Entitlements.ByEntitlementType("ReservedInstance").Get();  

((ReservedInstanceArtifact)entitlements.First().EntitledArtifacts.First(x => x.Type == ArtifactType.ReservedInstance)).Link.InvokeAsync<ReservedInstanceArtifactDetails>(partnerOperations);
```

**Request example**

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/18ac2950-8ea9-4dfc-92a4-ff4d4cd57796/artifacts/reservedinstance/groups/2caf524395724e638ef64e109f1f79ca/lineitems/03500b1b-f2d6-4e23-ab4b-9fd67b917012/resource/ebf2e74b-630e-4a09-857d-a1f6c6351336 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <Token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: cdc428d2-035b-41c4-9a32-e643c4471cbd
MS-CorrelationId: 799eee8d-07d1-452a-a035-388259df137c
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com 
```

**Response example**  

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 368
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 799eee8d-07d1-452a-a035-388259df137c
MS-RequestId: cdc428d2-035b-41c4-9a32-e643c4471cbd
X-Locale: en-US
MS-CV: yrdTGsZ7IU2v9okv.0
MS-ServerId: 000002
Date: Mon, 19 Mar 2018 07:45:14 GMT

{
  "type": "reservedinstance",
  "virtualMachineReservations": [
    {
      "reservationId": "99f320db-c029-4c1b-a157-dad76e4481b6",
      "scopeType": "Shared",
      "quantity": 1,
      "expiryDateTime": "2019-02-23T00:00:00",
      "effectiveDateTime": "2018-02-23T18:15:24.6724884Z",
      "provisioningState": "Created"
    }
  ]
}
```

### API Consumers  
Partners who are using the API to query virtual machine reserved instance entitlements – Update the request URI from **/customers/{customerId}/entitlements to /customers/{customerId}/entitlements?entitlementType=virtualmachinereservedinstance** to maintain backward compatibility. In order to consume virtual machine or Azure SQL with enhanced contract, update the request URI to **/customers/{customerId}/entitlements?entitlementType=reservedinstance**.
