develop/get-the-list-of-device-batches-for-the-specified-customer.md, before:

---
title: Get a list of device batches for the specified customer
description: How to retrieve a collection of device batches for the specified customer.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Get a list of device batches for the specified customer

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany

How to retrieve a collection of device batches for the specified customer.

Each device batch contains summary status information about devices that have been enrolled in zero-touch deployment.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

## C\#

To get the collection of device batches for the specified customer, first call the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to retrieve an interface to operations on the specified customer. Then, retrieve the value of the [**DeviceBatches**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.devicebatches) property to get an interface to device batch collection operations. Finally, call the [**Get**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.idevicesbatchcollection.get) or [**GetAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.idevicesbatchcollection.getasync) method to retrieve the collection.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string selectedCustomerId;

var devicesBatches =
    partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).DeviceBatches.Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetDevicesBatches.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                   |
|---------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/deviceBatches HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following path parameters when creating the request.

| Name        | Type   | Required | Description                                           |
|-------------|--------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id | string | Yes      | A GUID-formatted string that identifies the customer. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/47021739-3426-40bf-9601-61b4b6d7c793/deviceBatches HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: e88d014d-ab70-41de-90a0-f7fd1797267d
MS-CorrelationId: de894e18-f027-4ac0-8b5a-34f0c222af0c
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains the collection of [DeviceBatch](device-deployment-resources.md#devicebatch) resources.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 339
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 4a5002a2-0c1b-4e57-b491-dbcf19c0e7b8
MS-RequestId: 7b3e2e00-b330-4480-9d84-59ace713427f
MS-CV: YrLe3w6BbUSMt1fi.0
MS-ServerId: 030020344
Date: Tue, 25 Jul 2017 17:52:41 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 1,
    "items": [{
            "id": "Test batch",
            "status": "finished",
            "creationDate": "2017-07-25T01:51:00",
            "devicesCount": 5,
            "devicesLink": {
                "uri": "/customers/47021739-3426-40bf-9601-61b4b6d7c793/deviceBatches/Test batch/devices",
                "method": "GET",
                "headers": []
            },
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "DeviceBatch"
            }
        }
    ],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/get-the-list-of-device-batches-for-the-specified-customer.md, after:

---
title: Get a list of device batches for the specified customer
description: How to retrieve a collection of device batches for the specified customer.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Get a list of device batches for the specified customer

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany

How to retrieve a collection of device batches for the specified customer.

Each device batch contains summary status information about devices that have been enrolled in zero-touch deployment.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

## C\#

To get the collection of device batches for the specified customer, first call the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to retrieve an interface to operations on the specified customer. Then, retrieve the value of the [**DeviceBatches**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.devicebatches) property to get an interface to device batch collection operations. Finally, call the [**Get**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.idevicesbatchcollection.get) or [**GetAsync**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.idevicesbatchcollection.getasync) method to retrieve the collection.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string selectedCustomerId;

var devicesBatches =
    partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).DeviceBatches.Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetDevicesBatches.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                   |
|---------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/deviceBatches HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following path parameters when creating the request.

| Name        | Type   | Required | Description                                           |
|-------------|--------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id | string | Yes      | A GUID-formatted string that identifies the customer. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/47021739-3426-40bf-9601-61b4b6d7c793/deviceBatches HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: e88d014d-ab70-41de-90a0-f7fd1797267d
MS-CorrelationId: de894e18-f027-4ac0-8b5a-34f0c222af0c
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains the collection of [DeviceBatch](device-deployment-resources.md#devicebatch) resources.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 339
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 4a5002a2-0c1b-4e57-b491-dbcf19c0e7b8
MS-RequestId: 7b3e2e00-b330-4480-9d84-59ace713427f
MS-CV: YrLe3w6BbUSMt1fi.0
MS-ServerId: 030020344
Date: Tue, 25 Jul 2017 17:52:41 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 1,
    "items": [{
            "id": "Test batch",
            "status": "finished",
            "creationDate": "2017-07-25T01:51:00",
            "devicesCount": 5,
            "devicesLink": {
                "uri": "/customers/47021739-3426-40bf-9601-61b4b6d7c793/deviceBatches/Test batch/devices",
                "method": "GET",
                "headers": []
            },
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "DeviceBatch"
            }
        }
    ],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```
