develop/get-started.md, before:

---
title: Get started
description: The Partner Center SDK includes a managed API and a REST API for partners to use to manage customer, subscription, and order data.
ms.assetid: D9A91032-CA5B-4CD2-ADBA-6C5513E05D32
ms.author: v-thpr
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: partner-center
ms.technology: partner-center-sdk
---

# Get started


**Applies To**

-   Partner Center
-   Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
-   Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
-   Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

The Partner Center SDK includes a managed API and a REST API for partners to use to manage customer, subscription, and order data.

## <span id="Get_the_code"></span><span id="get_the_code"></span><span id="GET_THE_CODE"></span>Get the code


[Download the Partner Center SDK](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=746681)

## <span id="Determine_your_version_of_Partner_Center"></span><span id="determine_your_version_of_partner_center"></span><span id="DETERMINE_YOUR_VERSION_OF_PARTNER_CENTER"></span>Determine your version of Partner Center


Some versions of Partner Center do not have the entire SDK available. For more information, see [Developing for Partner Center for Microsoft National Cloud](developing-for-partner-center-for-microsoft-national-cloud.md).

## <span id="Get_the_samples"></span><span id="get_the_samples"></span><span id="GET_THE_SAMPLES"></span>Get the samples


For more information about C# snippets, REST samples, and the sample app, see [Partner Center samples](partner-center-samples.md).

## <span id="sdk_test_vs_prod"></span><span id="SDK_TEST_VS_PROD"></span>Test vs. production


While you are initially writing and testing your code, you should use your integration sandbox account (and the corresponding tokens) so that you don't accidentally incur new charges that your company is responsible for paying. For more information about this testing environment, see [Set up API access in Partner Center](set-up-api-access-in-partner-center.md).

When your solution is tested and ready to use on real customer accounts, you'll have to update your tokens so that you're using an Azure AD client app and secret that correspond to your Primary Partner Center account.

For tips and suggestions about testing and debugging, including more information about Test-in-Production (TiP) and the Integration Sandbox, see [Test and debug](test-and-debug.md).

## <span id="sdk_config_auth"></span><span id="SDK_CONFIG_AUTH"></span>Configure your authentication


To configure your Azure AD authentication so that you can use the Partner Center APIs, see [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md).   

## <span id="Get_help"></span><span id="get_help"></span><span id="GET_HELP"></span>Get help


Partners can get support at the [Partner Center SDK Yammer group](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=717360). To get more personalized help, developers can use their MPN support benefits or Premier Support.

## <span id="Early_adopter_program"></span><span id="early_adopter_program"></span><span id="EARLY_ADOPTER_PROGRAM"></span>Join the Partner Center API and SDK Early Adopter Program


To find out how you can collaborate with Microsoft on the development of Partner features and capabilities, see [Join the Partner Center API and SDK Early Adopter Program](early-adopter-program.md).

Commit message:

Added a note to address confusion about indirect resellers accessing Partner Center APIs.

develop/get-started.md, after:

---
title: Get started
description: The Partner Center SDK includes a managed API and a REST API for partners to use to manage customer, subscription, and order data.
ms.assetid: D9A91032-CA5B-4CD2-ADBA-6C5513E05D32
ms.author: v-thpr
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: partner-center
ms.technology: partner-center-sdk
---

# Get started


**Applies To**

-   Partner Center
-   Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
-   Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
-   Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

The Partner Center SDK includes a managed API and a REST API for partners to use to manage customer, subscription, and order data.

## <span id="Get_the_code"></span><span id="get_the_code"></span><span id="GET_THE_CODE"></span>Get the code

[Download the Partner Center SDK](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=746681)  

> [!NOTE] API access to Partner Center for indirect resellers is not a supported scenario.

## <span id="Determine_your_version_of_Partner_Center"></span><span id="determine_your_version_of_partner_center"></span><span id="DETERMINE_YOUR_VERSION_OF_PARTNER_CENTER"></span>Determine your version of Partner Center


Some versions of Partner Center do not have the entire SDK available. For more information, see [Developing for Partner Center for Microsoft National Cloud](developing-for-partner-center-for-microsoft-national-cloud.md).

## <span id="Get_the_samples"></span><span id="get_the_samples"></span><span id="GET_THE_SAMPLES"></span>Get the samples


For more information about C# snippets, REST samples, and the sample app, see [Partner Center samples](partner-center-samples.md).

## <span id="sdk_test_vs_prod"></span><span id="SDK_TEST_VS_PROD"></span>Test vs. production


While you are initially writing and testing your code, you should use your integration sandbox account (and the corresponding tokens) so that you don't accidentally incur new charges that your company is responsible for paying. For more information about this testing environment, see [Set up API access in Partner Center](set-up-api-access-in-partner-center.md).

When your solution is tested and ready to use on real customer accounts, you'll have to update your tokens so that you're using an Azure AD client app and secret that correspond to your Primary Partner Center account.

For tips and suggestions about testing and debugging, including more information about Test-in-Production (TiP) and the Integration Sandbox, see [Test and debug](test-and-debug.md).

## <span id="sdk_config_auth"></span><span id="SDK_CONFIG_AUTH"></span>Configure your authentication


To configure your Azure AD authentication so that you can use the Partner Center APIs, see [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md).   

## <span id="Get_help"></span><span id="get_help"></span><span id="GET_HELP"></span>Get help


Partners can get support at the [Partner Center SDK Yammer group](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=717360). To get more personalized help, developers can use their MPN support benefits or Premier Support.

## <span id="Early_adopter_program"></span><span id="early_adopter_program"></span><span id="EARLY_ADOPTER_PROGRAM"></span>Join the Partner Center API and SDK Early Adopter Program


To find out how you can collaborate with Microsoft on the development of Partner features and capabilities, see [Join the Partner Center API and SDK Early Adopter Program](early-adopter-program.md).
