develop/get-subscription-registration-status.md, before:

---
title: Get subscription registration status
description: Get the status of a subscription that has been registered for use with Azure Reserved VM Instances.
ms.date: 03/19/2018
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Get subscription registration status

**Applies To**

- Partner Center

How to get the subscription registration status for a customer subscription that has been enabled for purchasing Azure Reserved VM Instances.

To purchase an Azure Reserved VM Instance using the Partner Center API, you must have at least one existing CSP Azure subscription. The [Register a subscription](register-a-subscription.md) method allows you to register your existing CSP Azure subscription, enabling it for purchasing Azure Reserved VM Instances. This method allows you to retrieve the status of that registration.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- A subscription ID.

## C\#

To get the registration status of a subscription, begin by using the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to identify the customer. Then, get an interface to subscription operations by calling the [**Subscription.ById()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscriptioncollection.byid) method with the subscription ID to identify the subscription. Next, use the RegistrationStatus property to obtain an interface to the current subscription's registration status operations, and call the **Get** or **GetAsync** method to retrieve the **SubscriptionRegistrationStatus** object.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// var selectedCustomerId;
// var selectedSubscriptionId;

// Retrieve a subscription's registration status details.
var subscriptionRegistrationDetails = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Subscriptions.ById(selectedSubscriptionId).RegistrationStatus.Get();
```

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method    | Request URI                                                                                                                        |
|-----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET**  | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/registrationstatus HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameters

Use the following path parameters to identify the customer and subscription.

| Name                    | Type       | Required | Description                                                   |
|-------------------------|------------|----------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id             | string     | Yes      | A GUID formatted string that identifies the customer.         |
| subscription-id         | string     | Yes      | A GUID formatted string that identifies the subscription.     |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/<customer-id>/subscriptions/<subscription-id>/registrationstatus HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: ca7c39f7-1a80-43bc-90d8-ee7d1cad3123
MS-CorrelationId: ec8f62e5-1d92-47e9-8d5d-1924af105123
Content-Type: application/json
Content-Length: 1029
Expect: 100-continue
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains a [SubscriptionRegistrationStatus](subscription-resources.md#subscriptionregistrationstatus) resource.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 177
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: ca7c39f7-1a80-43bc-90d8-ee7d1cad3123
MS-RequestId: ec8f62e5-1d92-47e9-8d5d-1924af105123
MS-CV: InswEQre402koceL.0
MS-ServerId: 030020344

{
    "subscriptionId":"<subscription-id>",
    "status":"NotRegistered",
    "attributes":{
        "objectType":"SubscriptionRegistrationStatus"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/get-subscription-registration-status.md, after:

---
title: Get subscription registration status
description: Get the status of a subscription that has been registered for use with Azure Reserved VM Instances.
ms.date: 03/19/2018
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Get subscription registration status

**Applies To**

- Partner Center

How to get the subscription registration status for a customer subscription that has been enabled for purchasing Azure Reserved VM Instances.

To purchase an Azure Reserved VM Instance using the Partner Center API, you must have at least one existing CSP Azure subscription. The [Register a subscription](register-a-subscription.md) method allows you to register your existing CSP Azure subscription, enabling it for purchasing Azure Reserved VM Instances. This method allows you to retrieve the status of that registration.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- A subscription ID.

## C\#

To get the registration status of a subscription, begin by using the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to identify the customer. Then, get an interface to subscription operations by calling the [**Subscription.ById()**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscriptioncollection.byid) method with the subscription ID to identify the subscription. Next, use the RegistrationStatus property to obtain an interface to the current subscription's registration status operations, and call the **Get** or **GetAsync** method to retrieve the **SubscriptionRegistrationStatus** object.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// var selectedCustomerId;
// var selectedSubscriptionId;

// Retrieve a subscription's registration status details.
var subscriptionRegistrationDetails = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Subscriptions.ById(selectedSubscriptionId).RegistrationStatus.Get();
```

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method    | Request URI                                                                                                                        |
|-----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET**  | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/registrationstatus HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameters

Use the following path parameters to identify the customer and subscription.

| Name                    | Type       | Required | Description                                                   |
|-------------------------|------------|----------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id             | string     | Yes      | A GUID formatted string that identifies the customer.         |
| subscription-id         | string     | Yes      | A GUID formatted string that identifies the subscription.     |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/<customer-id>/subscriptions/<subscription-id>/registrationstatus HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: ca7c39f7-1a80-43bc-90d8-ee7d1cad3123
MS-CorrelationId: ec8f62e5-1d92-47e9-8d5d-1924af105123
Content-Type: application/json
Content-Length: 1029
Expect: 100-continue
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains a [SubscriptionRegistrationStatus](subscription-resources.md#subscriptionregistrationstatus) resource.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 177
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: ca7c39f7-1a80-43bc-90d8-ee7d1cad3123
MS-RequestId: ec8f62e5-1d92-47e9-8d5d-1924af105123
MS-CV: InswEQre402koceL.0
MS-ServerId: 030020344

{
    "subscriptionId":"<subscription-id>",
    "status":"NotRegistered",
    "attributes":{
        "objectType":"SubscriptionRegistrationStatus"
    }
}
```
