develop/get-invoice-billed-consumption-lineitems.md, before:

---
title: Get invoice billed Azure Marketplace consumption line items
description: How to get a collection of Azure Marketplace consumption invoice line item details for the specified invoice.
ms.date: 05/16/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Get invoice billed Azure Marketplace consumption line items

Applies to:

- Partner Center

How to get a collection of Azure Marketplace consumption invoice line item details for the specified invoice.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.
- An invoice identifier. This identifies the invoice for which to retrieve the line items.

## C#

To get the Azure Marketplace line items for the specified invoice, first retrieve the invoice object. To begin, call the [**ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.invoices.iinvoicecollection.byid) method to get an interface to invoice operations for the specified invoice. Then call the [**Get**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.invoices.iinvoice.get) or [**GetAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.invoices.iinvoice.getasync) method to retrieve the invoice object. The invoice object contains all of the information for the specified invoice.

The Provider identifies the source of the billed detail information (for example, Marketplace), and the **InvoiceLineItemType** specifies the type (for example, UsageLineItem).

The example code that follows uses a foreach loop to process the line items collection. A separate collection of line items is retrieved for each InvoiceLineItemType.

To get a collection of line items that correspond to an InvoiceDetail instance, pass the instance's BillingProvider and InvoiceLineItemType to the [**By**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.invoices.iinvoice.by) method, and then call the [**Get**](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.invoices.iinvoice.get) or [**GetAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.invoices.iinvoice.getasync) method to retrieve the associated line items.

Finally, create an enumerator to traverse the collection as shown in the following example.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string invoiceId;
// string curencyCode;
// string period;
// int pageMaxSizeReconLineItems = 2000;

// all the operations executed on this partner operation instance will share the same correlation Id but will differ in request Id
IPartner scopedPartnerOperations = partnerOperations.With(RequestContextFactory.Instance.Create(Guid.NewGuid()));

var seekBasedResourceCollection = scopedPartnerOperations.Invoices.ById(invoiceId).By("marketplace", "usagelineitems", curencyCode, period, pageMaxSizeReconLineItems).Get();

var fetchNext = true;

ConsoleKeyInfo keyInfo;

var itemNumber = 1;
while (fetchNext)
{
    Console.Out.WriteLine("\tLine line items count: " + seekBasedResourceCollection.Items.Count());

    seekBasedResourceCollection.Items.ToList().ForEach(item =>
    {
        // Instance of type DailyRatedUsageLineItem
        if (item is DailyRatedUsageLineItem)
        {
            Type t = typeof(DailyRatedUsageLineItem);
            PropertyInfo[] properties = t.GetProperties();

            foreach (PropertyInfo property in properties)
            {
                // Insert code here to work with the line item properties
            }
        }
        itemNumber++;
    });

    Console.Out.WriteLine("\tPress any key to fetch next data. Press the Escape (Esc) key to quit: \n");
    keyInfo = Console.ReadKey();

    if (keyInfo.Key == ConsoleKey.Escape)
    {
        break;
    }

    fetchNext = !string.IsNullOrWhiteSpace(seekBasedResourceCollection.ContinuationToken);

    if (fetchNext)
    {
        if (seekBasedResourceCollection.Links.Next.Headers != null && seekBasedResourceCollection.Links.Next.Headers.Any())
        {
            seekBasedResourceCollection = scopedPartnerOperations.Invoices.ById(invoiceId).By("marketplace", "usagelineitems", curencyCode, period, pageMaxSizeReconLineItems).Seek(seekBasedResourceCollection.ContinuationToken, SeekOperation.Next);
        }
    }
}  
```

For a similar example, see **Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetBilledConsumptionReconLineItemsPaging.cs

## REST Request

### Request syntax

Use the first syntax to return a full list of every line item for the given invoice. For large invoices, use the second syntax with a specified size and 0-based offset to return a paged list of line items. Use the third syntax to get the next page of recon line items using `seekOperation = "Next"`.

 | Method  | Request URI                                                                                                                                                     |
|---------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/invoices/{invoice-id}/lineitems?provider=marketplace&invoicelineitemtype=usagelineitems&currencycode={currencycode} HTTP/1.1                              |
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/invoices/{invoice-id}/lineitems?provider=marketplace&invoicelineitemtype=usagelineitems&currencycode={currencycode}&size={size} HTTP/1.1  |
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/invoices/{invoice-id}/lineitems?provider=marketplace&invoicelineitemtype=usagelineitems&currencycode={currencycode}&size={size}&seekOperation=Next                               |

### URI parameters

Use the following URI and query parameters when creating the request.

| Name                   | Type   | Required | Description                                                       |
|------------------------|--------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| invoice-id             | string | Yes      | A string that identifies the invoice.                             |
| provider               | string | Yes      | The provider: "Marketplace", "All".                                  |
| invoice-line-item-type | string | Yes      | The type of invoice detail: "BillingLineItems", "UsageLineItems". |
| currencyCode           | string | Yes      | The currency code for the billed line items.                    |
| period                 | string | Yes      | The period for billed recon. example: current, previous.        |
| size                   | number | No       | The maximum number of items to return. Default size is 2000       |
| seekOperation          | string | No       | Set seekOperation=Next to get the next page of recon line items. |

### Request headers

- See [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md) for more information.

### Request body

None.

## REST Response

If successful, the response contains the collection of line item details.

> [!NOTE]
> For the line item ChargeType, the value "Purchase" is mapped to "New" and the value "Refund" is mapped to "Cancel".

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

## Request/Response Examples

### Request example 1

Provider: Marketplace, InvoiceLineItemType: UsageLineItems, Period: Previous

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/invoices/T000001234/lineitems?provider=marketplace&invoicelineitemtype=usagelineitems&currencycode=usd&period=previous&size=2000 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 1234ecb8-37af-45f4-a1a1-358de3ca2b9e
MS-CorrelationId: 5e612512-4345-4bb0-866e-47aeda031234
X-Locale: en-US
MS-PartnerCenter-Application: Partner Center .NET SDK Samples
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

### Response example 1

Provider: Marketplace, InvoiceLineItemType: UsageLineItems, Period: Previous

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 2484
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 5e612512-4345-4bb0-866e-47aeda031234
MS-RequestId: 1234ecb8-37af-45f4-a1a1-358de3ca2b9e
MS-CV: bpqyomePDUqrSSYC.0
MS-ServerId: 202010406
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2019 19:59:27 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 2,
    "items": [
        {
            "partnerId": "2b8940db-5089-539c-e757-520ed1d1bc88",
            "partnerName": "",
            "customerId": "",
            "customerName": "",
            "customerDomainName": "",
            "invoiceNumber": "T000001234",
            "productId": "",
            "skuId": "",
            "availabilityId": "",
            "skuName": "Test Test on Windows 2012 R2 (WebHost)",
            "productName": "Test Test on Windows",
            "publisherName": "Test",
            "publisherId": "28503520",
            "subscriptionId": "12345678-9d62-4a85-8fd0-91a87c261bc4",
            "subscriptionDescription": "Subscription 10",
            "chargeStartDate": "2018-11-01T00:00:00Z",
            "chargeEndDate": "2018-12-01T00:00:00Z",
            "usageDate": "2018-11-13T00:00:00Z",
            "meterType": "1 Compute Hour - 1core",
            "meterCategory": "Virtual Machine Licenses",
            "meterId": "1core",
            "meterSubCategory": "Test Test on Windows",
            "meterName": "Test Test on Windows - Test Test on Windows 2012 R2 (WebHost) - 1 Core Hours",
            "meterRegion": "",
            "unitOfMeasure": "1 Hour",
            "resourceLocation": "EASTUS2",
            "consumedService": "Microsoft.Compute",
            "resourceGroup": "TestWINRG",
            "resourceUri": "/subscriptions/12345678-9d62-4a85-8fd0-91a87c261bc4/resourceGroups/TestWINRG/providers/Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines/testWinTest",
            "tags": "",
            "additionalInfo": "{  \"ImageType\": null,  \"ServiceType\": \"Standard_B1s\",  \"VMName\": null,  \"VMProperties\": null,  \"UsageType\": \"ComputeHR_SW\"}",
            "serviceInfo1": "",
            "serviceInfo2": "",
            "customerCountry": "",
            "mpnId": "1234567",
            "resellerMpnId": "",
            "chargeType": "new",
            "unitPrice": 0.0209496384791679,
            "quantity": 23.200004,
            "unitType": "1 Hour",
            "billingPreTaxTotal": 0.486031696515249,
            "billingCurrency": "USD",
            "pricingPreTaxTotal": 0.486031696515249,
            "pricingCurrency": "USD",
            "providerSource": "Marketplace",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "DailyRatedUsageLineItem"
            }
        },
        {
            "partnerId": "2b8940db-5089-539c-e757-520ed1d1bc88",
            "partnerName": "",
            "customerId": "",
            "customerName": "",
            "customerDomainName": "",
            "invoiceNumber": "T000001234",
            "productId": "",
            "skuId": "",
            "availabilityId": "",
            "skuName": "Test Test on Ubuntu 16.04 (WebHost)",
            "productName": "Test Test on Linux",
            "publisherName": "Test",
            "publisherId": "28503520",
            "subscriptionId": "12345678-9d62-4a85-8fd0-91a87c261bc4",
            "subscriptionDescription": "Subscription 10",
            "chargeStartDate": "2018-11-01T00:00:00Z",
            "chargeEndDate": "2018-12-01T00:00:00Z",
            "usageDate": "2018-11-13T00:00:00Z",
            "meterType": "1 Compute Hour - 1core",
            "meterCategory": "Virtual Machine Licenses",
            "meterId": "1core",
            "meterSubCategory": "Test Test on Linux",
            "meterName": "Test Test on Linux - Test Test on Ubuntu 16.04 (WebHost) - 1 Core Hours",
            "meterRegion": "",
            "unitOfMeasure": "1 Hour",
            "resourceLocation": "EASTUS",
            "consumedService": "Microsoft.Compute",
            "resourceGroup": "TESTRG",
            "resourceUri": "/subscriptions/12345678-9d62-4a85-8fd0-91a87c261bc4/resourceGroups/TestRG/providers/Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines/testUbuntuTest",
            "tags": "",
            "additionalInfo": "{  \"ImageType\": null,  \"ServiceType\": \"Standard_B1s\",  \"VMName\": null,  \"VMProperties\": null,  \"UsageType\": \"ComputeHR_SW\"}",
            "serviceInfo1": "",
            "serviceInfo2": "",
            "customerCountry": "",
            "mpnId": "1234567",
            "resellerMpnId": "",
            "chargeType": "new",
            "unitPrice": 0.0209951014286867,
            "quantity": 23.350007,
            "unitType": "1 Hour",
            "billingPreTaxTotal": 0.490235765325545,
            "billingCurrency": "USD",
            "pricingPreTaxTotal": 0.490235765325545,
            "pricingCurrency": "USD",
            "providerSource": "Marketplace",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "DailyRatedUsageLineItem"
            }
        }
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/invoices/T000001234/lineitems?provider=marketplace&invoicelineitemtype=usagelineitems&currencycode=usd&period=previous&size=2000",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        },
        "next": {
            "uri": "/invoices/T000001234/lineitems?provider=marketplace&invoicelineitemtype=usagelineitems&currencycode=usd&period=previous&size=2000&seekOperation=Next",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": [
                {
                    "key": "MS-ContinuationToken",
                    "value": "AQAAAA=="
                }
            ]
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```

### Request example 2

Provider: Marketplace, InvoiceLineItemType: UsageLineItems, Period: Previous, SeekOperation: Next

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/invoices/T000001234/lineitems?provider=marketplace&invoiceLineItemType=usagelineitems&currencyCode=usd&period=previous&size=2000&seekoperation=next HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-ContinuationToken: d19617b8-fbe5-4684-a5d8-0230972fb0cf,0705c4a9-39f7-4261-ba6d-53e24a9ce47d_a4ayc/80/OGda4BO/1o/V0etpOqiLx1JwB5S3beHW0s=,0d81c700-98b4-4b13-9129-ffd5620f72e7
MS-RequestId: 1234ecb8-37af-45f4-a1a1-358de3ca2b9e
MS-CorrelationId: 5e612512-4345-4bb0-866e-47aeda031234
X-Locale: en-US
MS-PartnerCenter-Application: Partner Center .NET SDK Samples
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

### Response example 2

Provider: Marketplace, InvoiceLineItemType: UsageLineItems, Period: Previous, SeekOperation: Next

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 2484
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 5e612512-4345-4bb0-866e-47aeda031234
MS-RequestId: 1234ecb8-37af-45f4-a1a1-358de3ca2b9e
MS-CV: bpqyomePDUqrSSYC.0
MS-ServerId: 202010406
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2019 19:59:27 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 1,
    "items": [
          {
            "partnerId": "2b8940db-5089-539c-e757-520ed1d1bc88",
            "partnerName": "",
            "customerId": "",
            "customerName": "",
            "customerDomainName": "",
            "invoiceNumber": "T000001234",
            "productId": "",
            "skuId": "",
            "availabilityId": "",
            "skuName": "Test Test on Windows 2012 R2 (WebHost)",
            "productName": "Test Test on Windows",
            "publisherName": "Test",
            "publisherId": "28503520",
            "subscriptionId": "12345678-9d62-4a85-8fd0-91a87c261bc4",
            "subscriptionDescription": "Subscription 10",
            "chargeStartDate": "2018-11-01T00:00:00Z",
            "chargeEndDate": "2018-12-01T00:00:00Z",
            "usageDate": "2018-11-13T00:00:00Z",
            "meterType": "1 Compute Hour - 1core",
            "meterCategory": "Virtual Machine Licenses",
            "meterId": "1core",
            "meterSubCategory": "Test Test on Windows",
            "meterName": "Test Test on Windows - Test Test on Windows 2012 R2 (WebHost) - 1 Core Hours",
            "meterRegion": "",
            "unitOfMeasure": "1 Hour",
            "resourceLocation": "EASTUS2",
            "consumedService": "Microsoft.Compute",
            "resourceGroup": "TestWINRG",
            "resourceUri": "/subscriptions/12345678-9d62-4a85-8fd0-91a87c261bc4/resourceGroups/TestWINRG/providers/Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines/testWinTest",
            "tags": "",
            "additionalInfo": "{  \"ImageType\": null,  \"ServiceType\": \"Standard_B1s\",  \"VMName\": null,  \"VMProperties\": null,  \"UsageType\": \"ComputeHR_SW\"}",
            "serviceInfo1": "",
            "serviceInfo2": "",
            "customerCountry": "",
            "mpnId": "1234567",
            "resellerMpnId": "",
            "chargeType": "new",
            "unitPrice": 0.0209496384791679,
            "quantity": 23.200004,
            "unitType": "1 Hour",
            "billingPreTaxTotal": 0.486031696515249,
            "billingCurrency": "USD",
            "pricingPreTaxTotal": 0.486031696515249,
            "pricingCurrency": "USD",
            "providerSource": "Marketplace",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "DailyRatedUsageLineItem"
            }
        }
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
             "uri": "/invoices/T000001234/lineitems?provider=marketplace&invoicelineitemtype=usagelineitems&currencycode=usd&period=previous&size=2000",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Change Azure Marketplace to commercial marketplace

develop/get-invoice-billed-consumption-lineitems.md, after:

---
title: Get invoice billed commercial marketplace consumption line items
description: How to get a collection of commercial marketplace consumption invoice line item details for the specified invoice.
ms.date: 08/16/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Get invoice billed commercial marketplace consumption line items

Applies to:

- Partner Center

How to get a collection of commercial marketplace consumption invoice line item details for the specified invoice.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.
- An invoice identifier. This identifies the invoice for which to retrieve the line items.

## C#

To get the commercial marketplace line items for the specified invoice, first retrieve the invoice object. To begin, call the [**ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.invoices.iinvoicecollection.byid) method to get an interface to invoice operations for the specified invoice. Then call the [**Get**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.invoices.iinvoice.get) or [**GetAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.invoices.iinvoice.getasync) method to retrieve the invoice object. The invoice object contains all of the information for the specified invoice.

The Provider identifies the source of the billed detail information (for example, Marketplace), and the **InvoiceLineItemType** specifies the type (for example, UsageLineItem).

The example code that follows uses a foreach loop to process the line items collection. A separate collection of line items is retrieved for each InvoiceLineItemType.

To get a collection of line items that correspond to an InvoiceDetail instance, pass the instance's BillingProvider and InvoiceLineItemType to the [**By**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.invoices.iinvoice.by) method, and then call the [**Get**](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.invoices.iinvoice.get) or [**GetAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.invoices.iinvoice.getasync) method to retrieve the associated line items.

Finally, create an enumerator to traverse the collection as shown in the following example.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string invoiceId;
// string curencyCode;
// string period;
// int pageMaxSizeReconLineItems = 2000;

// all the operations executed on this partner operation instance will share the same correlation Id but will differ in request Id
IPartner scopedPartnerOperations = partnerOperations.With(RequestContextFactory.Instance.Create(Guid.NewGuid()));

var seekBasedResourceCollection = scopedPartnerOperations.Invoices.ById(invoiceId).By("marketplace", "usagelineitems", curencyCode, period, pageMaxSizeReconLineItems).Get();

var fetchNext = true;

ConsoleKeyInfo keyInfo;

var itemNumber = 1;
while (fetchNext)
{
    Console.Out.WriteLine("\tLine line items count: " + seekBasedResourceCollection.Items.Count());

    seekBasedResourceCollection.Items.ToList().ForEach(item =>
    {
        // Instance of type DailyRatedUsageLineItem
        if (item is DailyRatedUsageLineItem)
        {
            Type t = typeof(DailyRatedUsageLineItem);
            PropertyInfo[] properties = t.GetProperties();

            foreach (PropertyInfo property in properties)
            {
                // Insert code here to work with the line item properties
            }
        }
        itemNumber++;
    });

    Console.Out.WriteLine("\tPress any key to fetch next data. Press the Escape (Esc) key to quit: \n");
    keyInfo = Console.ReadKey();

    if (keyInfo.Key == ConsoleKey.Escape)
    {
        break;
    }

    fetchNext = !string.IsNullOrWhiteSpace(seekBasedResourceCollection.ContinuationToken);

    if (fetchNext)
    {
        if (seekBasedResourceCollection.Links.Next.Headers != null && seekBasedResourceCollection.Links.Next.Headers.Any())
        {
            seekBasedResourceCollection = scopedPartnerOperations.Invoices.ById(invoiceId).By("marketplace", "usagelineitems", curencyCode, period, pageMaxSizeReconLineItems).Seek(seekBasedResourceCollection.ContinuationToken, SeekOperation.Next);
        }
    }
}  
```

For a similar example, see **Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetBilledConsumptionReconLineItemsPaging.cs

## REST Request

### Request syntax

Use the first syntax to return a full list of every line item for the given invoice. For large invoices, use the second syntax with a specified size and 0-based offset to return a paged list of line items. Use the third syntax to get the next page of recon line items using `seekOperation = "Next"`.

 | Method  | Request URI                                                                                                                                                     |
|---------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/invoices/{invoice-id}/lineitems?provider=marketplace&invoicelineitemtype=usagelineitems&currencycode={currencycode} HTTP/1.1                              |
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/invoices/{invoice-id}/lineitems?provider=marketplace&invoicelineitemtype=usagelineitems&currencycode={currencycode}&size={size} HTTP/1.1  |
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/invoices/{invoice-id}/lineitems?provider=marketplace&invoicelineitemtype=usagelineitems&currencycode={currencycode}&size={size}&seekOperation=Next                               |

### URI parameters

Use the following URI and query parameters when creating the request.

| Name                   | Type   | Required | Description                                                       |
|------------------------|--------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| invoice-id             | string | Yes      | A string that identifies the invoice.                             |
| provider               | string | Yes      | The provider: "Marketplace", "All".                                  |
| invoice-line-item-type | string | Yes      | The type of invoice detail: "BillingLineItems", "UsageLineItems". |
| currencyCode           | string | Yes      | The currency code for the billed line items.                    |
| period                 | string | Yes      | The period for billed recon. example: current, previous.        |
| size                   | number | No       | The maximum number of items to return. Default size is 2000       |
| seekOperation          | string | No       | Set seekOperation=Next to get the next page of recon line items. |

### Request headers

- See [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md) for more information.

### Request body

None.

## REST Response

If successful, the response contains the collection of line item details.

> [!NOTE]
> For the line item ChargeType, the value "Purchase" is mapped to "New" and the value "Refund" is mapped to "Cancel".

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

## Request/Response Examples

### Request example 1

Provider: Marketplace, InvoiceLineItemType: UsageLineItems, Period: Previous

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/invoices/T000001234/lineitems?provider=marketplace&invoicelineitemtype=usagelineitems&currencycode=usd&period=previous&size=2000 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 1234ecb8-37af-45f4-a1a1-358de3ca2b9e
MS-CorrelationId: 5e612512-4345-4bb0-866e-47aeda031234
X-Locale: en-US
MS-PartnerCenter-Application: Partner Center .NET SDK Samples
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

### Response example 1

Provider: Marketplace, InvoiceLineItemType: UsageLineItems, Period: Previous

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 2484
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 5e612512-4345-4bb0-866e-47aeda031234
MS-RequestId: 1234ecb8-37af-45f4-a1a1-358de3ca2b9e
MS-CV: bpqyomePDUqrSSYC.0
MS-ServerId: 202010406
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2019 19:59:27 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 2,
    "items": [
        {
            "partnerId": "2b8940db-5089-539c-e757-520ed1d1bc88",
            "partnerName": "",
            "customerId": "",
            "customerName": "",
            "customerDomainName": "",
            "invoiceNumber": "T000001234",
            "productId": "",
            "skuId": "",
            "availabilityId": "",
            "skuName": "Test Test on Windows 2012 R2 (WebHost)",
            "productName": "Test Test on Windows",
            "publisherName": "Test",
            "publisherId": "28503520",
            "subscriptionId": "12345678-9d62-4a85-8fd0-91a87c261bc4",
            "subscriptionDescription": "Subscription 10",
            "chargeStartDate": "2018-11-01T00:00:00Z",
            "chargeEndDate": "2018-12-01T00:00:00Z",
            "usageDate": "2018-11-13T00:00:00Z",
            "meterType": "1 Compute Hour - 1core",
            "meterCategory": "Virtual Machine Licenses",
            "meterId": "1core",
            "meterSubCategory": "Test Test on Windows",
            "meterName": "Test Test on Windows - Test Test on Windows 2012 R2 (WebHost) - 1 Core Hours",
            "meterRegion": "",
            "unitOfMeasure": "1 Hour",
            "resourceLocation": "EASTUS2",
            "consumedService": "Microsoft.Compute",
            "resourceGroup": "TestWINRG",
            "resourceUri": "/subscriptions/12345678-9d62-4a85-8fd0-91a87c261bc4/resourceGroups/TestWINRG/providers/Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines/testWinTest",
            "tags": "",
            "additionalInfo": "{  \"ImageType\": null,  \"ServiceType\": \"Standard_B1s\",  \"VMName\": null,  \"VMProperties\": null,  \"UsageType\": \"ComputeHR_SW\"}",
            "serviceInfo1": "",
            "serviceInfo2": "",
            "customerCountry": "",
            "mpnId": "1234567",
            "resellerMpnId": "",
            "chargeType": "new",
            "unitPrice": 0.0209496384791679,
            "quantity": 23.200004,
            "unitType": "1 Hour",
            "billingPreTaxTotal": 0.486031696515249,
            "billingCurrency": "USD",
            "pricingPreTaxTotal": 0.486031696515249,
            "pricingCurrency": "USD",
            "providerSource": "Marketplace",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "DailyRatedUsageLineItem"
            }
        },
        {
            "partnerId": "2b8940db-5089-539c-e757-520ed1d1bc88",
            "partnerName": "",
            "customerId": "",
            "customerName": "",
            "customerDomainName": "",
            "invoiceNumber": "T000001234",
            "productId": "",
            "skuId": "",
            "availabilityId": "",
            "skuName": "Test Test on Ubuntu 16.04 (WebHost)",
            "productName": "Test Test on Linux",
            "publisherName": "Test",
            "publisherId": "28503520",
            "subscriptionId": "12345678-9d62-4a85-8fd0-91a87c261bc4",
            "subscriptionDescription": "Subscription 10",
            "chargeStartDate": "2018-11-01T00:00:00Z",
            "chargeEndDate": "2018-12-01T00:00:00Z",
            "usageDate": "2018-11-13T00:00:00Z",
            "meterType": "1 Compute Hour - 1core",
            "meterCategory": "Virtual Machine Licenses",
            "meterId": "1core",
            "meterSubCategory": "Test Test on Linux",
            "meterName": "Test Test on Linux - Test Test on Ubuntu 16.04 (WebHost) - 1 Core Hours",
            "meterRegion": "",
            "unitOfMeasure": "1 Hour",
            "resourceLocation": "EASTUS",
            "consumedService": "Microsoft.Compute",
            "resourceGroup": "TESTRG",
            "resourceUri": "/subscriptions/12345678-9d62-4a85-8fd0-91a87c261bc4/resourceGroups/TestRG/providers/Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines/testUbuntuTest",
            "tags": "",
            "additionalInfo": "{  \"ImageType\": null,  \"ServiceType\": \"Standard_B1s\",  \"VMName\": null,  \"VMProperties\": null,  \"UsageType\": \"ComputeHR_SW\"}",
            "serviceInfo1": "",
            "serviceInfo2": "",
            "customerCountry": "",
            "mpnId": "1234567",
            "resellerMpnId": "",
            "chargeType": "new",
            "unitPrice": 0.0209951014286867,
            "quantity": 23.350007,
            "unitType": "1 Hour",
            "billingPreTaxTotal": 0.490235765325545,
            "billingCurrency": "USD",
            "pricingPreTaxTotal": 0.490235765325545,
            "pricingCurrency": "USD",
            "providerSource": "Marketplace",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "DailyRatedUsageLineItem"
            }
        }
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/invoices/T000001234/lineitems?provider=marketplace&invoicelineitemtype=usagelineitems&currencycode=usd&period=previous&size=2000",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        },
        "next": {
            "uri": "/invoices/T000001234/lineitems?provider=marketplace&invoicelineitemtype=usagelineitems&currencycode=usd&period=previous&size=2000&seekOperation=Next",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": [
                {
                    "key": "MS-ContinuationToken",
                    "value": "AQAAAA=="
                }
            ]
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```

### Request example 2

Provider: Marketplace, InvoiceLineItemType: UsageLineItems, Period: Previous, SeekOperation: Next

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/invoices/T000001234/lineitems?provider=marketplace&invoiceLineItemType=usagelineitems&currencyCode=usd&period=previous&size=2000&seekoperation=next HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-ContinuationToken: d19617b8-fbe5-4684-a5d8-0230972fb0cf,0705c4a9-39f7-4261-ba6d-53e24a9ce47d_a4ayc/80/OGda4BO/1o/V0etpOqiLx1JwB5S3beHW0s=,0d81c700-98b4-4b13-9129-ffd5620f72e7
MS-RequestId: 1234ecb8-37af-45f4-a1a1-358de3ca2b9e
MS-CorrelationId: 5e612512-4345-4bb0-866e-47aeda031234
X-Locale: en-US
MS-PartnerCenter-Application: Partner Center .NET SDK Samples
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

### Response example 2

Provider: Marketplace, InvoiceLineItemType: UsageLineItems, Period: Previous, SeekOperation: Next

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 2484
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 5e612512-4345-4bb0-866e-47aeda031234
MS-RequestId: 1234ecb8-37af-45f4-a1a1-358de3ca2b9e
MS-CV: bpqyomePDUqrSSYC.0
MS-ServerId: 202010406
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2019 19:59:27 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 1,
    "items": [
          {
            "partnerId": "2b8940db-5089-539c-e757-520ed1d1bc88",
            "partnerName": "",
            "customerId": "",
            "customerName": "",
            "customerDomainName": "",
            "invoiceNumber": "T000001234",
            "productId": "",
            "skuId": "",
            "availabilityId": "",
            "skuName": "Test Test on Windows 2012 R2 (WebHost)",
            "productName": "Test Test on Windows",
            "publisherName": "Test",
            "publisherId": "28503520",
            "subscriptionId": "12345678-9d62-4a85-8fd0-91a87c261bc4",
            "subscriptionDescription": "Subscription 10",
            "chargeStartDate": "2018-11-01T00:00:00Z",
            "chargeEndDate": "2018-12-01T00:00:00Z",
            "usageDate": "2018-11-13T00:00:00Z",
            "meterType": "1 Compute Hour - 1core",
            "meterCategory": "Virtual Machine Licenses",
            "meterId": "1core",
            "meterSubCategory": "Test Test on Windows",
            "meterName": "Test Test on Windows - Test Test on Windows 2012 R2 (WebHost) - 1 Core Hours",
            "meterRegion": "",
            "unitOfMeasure": "1 Hour",
            "resourceLocation": "EASTUS2",
            "consumedService": "Microsoft.Compute",
            "resourceGroup": "TestWINRG",
            "resourceUri": "/subscriptions/12345678-9d62-4a85-8fd0-91a87c261bc4/resourceGroups/TestWINRG/providers/Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines/testWinTest",
            "tags": "",
            "additionalInfo": "{  \"ImageType\": null,  \"ServiceType\": \"Standard_B1s\",  \"VMName\": null,  \"VMProperties\": null,  \"UsageType\": \"ComputeHR_SW\"}",
            "serviceInfo1": "",
            "serviceInfo2": "",
            "customerCountry": "",
            "mpnId": "1234567",
            "resellerMpnId": "",
            "chargeType": "new",
            "unitPrice": 0.0209496384791679,
            "quantity": 23.200004,
            "unitType": "1 Hour",
            "billingPreTaxTotal": 0.486031696515249,
            "billingCurrency": "USD",
            "pricingPreTaxTotal": 0.486031696515249,
            "pricingCurrency": "USD",
            "providerSource": "Marketplace",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "DailyRatedUsageLineItem"
            }
        }
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
             "uri": "/invoices/T000001234/lineitems?provider=marketplace&invoicelineitemtype=usagelineitems&currencycode=usd&period=previous&size=2000",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```
