develop/get-agreement-metadata.md, before:

---
title: Get agreement metadata for Microsoft Cloud Agreement
description: This topic explains how to get agreement metadata for Microsoft Cloud Agreement. 
ms.date: 09/17/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-csp
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Get agreement metadata for Microsoft Cloud Agreement

**Applies To**

- Partner Center

> [!NOTE]  
> The **AgreementMetaData** resource is currently supported by Partner Center in the Microsoft public cloud only. It is not applicable to:
> - Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
> - Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
> - Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

## Prerequisites

- If you are using the Partner Center .NET SDK, version 1.9 or newer is required.
- If you are using the Partner Center Java SDK, version 1.8 or newer is required.
- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](./partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports app + user authentication..

## .NET (version 1.14 or newer)

To retrieve the agreement metadata for Microsoft Cloud Agreement:

1. First, retrieve the **IAggregatePartner.AgreementDetails** collection.

2. Call **ByAgreementType** method to filter the collection to Microsoft Cloud Agreement.

3. Finally, call **Get** or **GetAsync** method.

```csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

string agreementType = "MicrosoftCloudAgreement";

var microsoftCloudAgreementDetails = partnerOperations.AgreementDetails.ByAgreementType(agreementType).Get().Items.Single();
```

A complete sample can be found in the [GetAgreementDetails](https://github.com/PartnerCenterSamples/Partner-Center-SDK-Samples/blob/master/Source/Partner%20Center%20SDK%20Samples/Agreements/GetAgreementDetails.cs) class from the [console test app](https://github.com/PartnerCenterSamples/Partner-Center-SDK-Samples) project.

## .NET (version 1.9 - 1.13)

To retrieve agreement metadata for the Microsoft Cloud Agreement:

First retrieve the **IAggregatePartner.AgreementDetails** collection and then call the **Get** or **GetAsync** methods. Then search for the item within the collection, which corresponds to the Microsoft Cloud Agreement:

```csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

var agreements = partnerOperations.AgreementDetails.Get();

AgreementMetaData microsoftCloudAgreement = agreements.Items.FirstOrDefault (agr => agr.AgreementType == AgreementType.MicrosoftCloudAgreement);
```

## Java

[!INCLUDE [<Partner Center Java SDK support details>](<../includes/java-sdk-support.md>)]

To retrieve agreement metadata for the Microsoft Cloud Agreement:

First call the **IAggregatePartner.getAgreementDetails** function and then call the **get** function. Then search for the item within the collection, which corresponds to the Microsoft Cloud Agreement:

```java
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

ResourceCollection<AgreementMetaData> agreements = partnerOperations.getAgreements().get();

AgreementMetaData microsoftCloudAgreement;

for (AgreementMetaData metadata : agreements)
{
    if(metadata.getAgreementType() == AgreementType.MicrosoftCloudAgreement)
    {
        microsoftCloudAgreement = metadata;
    }
}
```

A complete sample can be found in the [GetAgreementDetails](https://github.com/Microsoft/Partner-Center-Java-Samples/blob/master/src/main/java/com/microsoft/store/partnercenter/samples/agreements/GetAgreementDetails.java) class from the [console test app](https://github.com/Microsoft/Partner-Center-Java-Samples) project.

## PowerShell

[!INCLUDE [<Partner Center PowerShell module support details>](<../includes/powershell-module-support.md>)]

To retrieve agreement metadata for the Microsoft Cloud Agreement:

Use the [**Get-PartnerAgreementDetail**](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/partnercenter/partner-center/get-partneragreementdetail) command. Then search for the item within the collection, which corresponds to the Microsoft Cloud Agreement:

```powershell
Get-PartnerAgreementDetail | Where-Object {$_.AgreementType -eq 'MicrosoftCloudAgreement'} | Select-Object -First 1
```

## REST

### REST request

To retrieve agreement metadata for Microsoft Cloud Agreement, first create a REST Request to retrieve the **AgreementMetaData** collection. Then search for the item in the collection which corresponds to the Microsoft Cloud Agreement.

#### Request syntax

| Method | Request URI                                                         |
|--------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| GET    | [*\{baseURL\}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/agreements HTTP/1.1 |

#### Request headers

- See [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md) for more information.

#### Request body

None.

#### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/agreements HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 94e4e214-6b06-4fb7-96d1-94d559f9b47f
MS-CorrelationId: ab993325-1605-4cf4-bac4-fb584142a31b
```

### REST response

If successful, this method returns a collection of **AgreementMetaData** resources in the response body.

#### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

#### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 620
Content-Type: application/json
MS-RequestId: 94e4e214-6b06-4fb7-96d1-94d559f9b47f
MS-CorrelationId: ab993325-1605-4cf4-bac4-fb584142a31b
{
    "totalCount": 1,
    "items": [
        {
            "templateId": "998b88de-aa99-4388-a42c-1b3517d49490",
            "agreementType": "MicrosoftCloudAgreement",
            "agreementLink": "https://docs.microsoft.com/partner-center/agreements",
            "versionRank": 0
        }
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/agreements",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```

To identify the resource in the response which corresponds to the Microsoft Cloud Agreement, look for the resource whose **agreementType** property has value "MicrosoftCloudAgreement".

---

Commit message:

Change Cloud Agreement refs to Customer Agreement

develop/get-agreement-metadata.md, after:

---
title: Get agreement metadata for Microsoft Customer Agreement
description: This topic explains how to get agreement metadata for Microsoft Customer Agreement. 
ms.date: 02/04/2020
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-csp
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Get agreement metadata for Microsoft Customer Agreement

**Applies To**

- Partner Center

> [!NOTE]  
> The **AgreementMetaData** resource is currently supported by Partner Center in the Microsoft public cloud only. It is not applicable to:
> - Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
> - Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
> - Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

## Prerequisites

- If you are using the Partner Center .NET SDK, version 1.9 or newer is required.
- If you are using the Partner Center Java SDK, version 1.8 or newer is required.
- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](./partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports app + user authentication..

## .NET (version 1.14 or newer)

To retrieve the agreement metadata for Microsoft Customer Agreement:

1. First, retrieve the **IAggregatePartner.AgreementDetails** collection.

2. Call **ByAgreementType** method to filter the collection to Microsoft Customer Agreement.

3. Finally, call **Get** or **GetAsync** method.

```csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

string agreementType = "MicrosoftCloudAgreement";

var microsoftCloudAgreementDetails = partnerOperations.AgreementDetails.ByAgreementType(agreementType).Get().Items.Single();
```

A complete sample can be found in the [GetAgreementDetails](https://github.com/PartnerCenterSamples/Partner-Center-SDK-Samples/blob/master/Source/Partner%20Center%20SDK%20Samples/Agreements/GetAgreementDetails.cs) class from the [console test app](https://github.com/PartnerCenterSamples/Partner-Center-SDK-Samples) project.

## .NET (version 1.9 - 1.13)

To retrieve agreement metadata for the Microsoft Customer Agreement:

First retrieve the **IAggregatePartner.AgreementDetails** collection and then call the **Get** or **GetAsync** methods. Then search for the item within the collection, which corresponds to the Microsoft Customer Agreement:

```csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

var agreements = partnerOperations.AgreementDetails.Get();

AgreementMetaData microsoftCloudAgreement = agreements.Items.FirstOrDefault (agr => agr.AgreementType == AgreementType.MicrosoftCloudAgreement);
```

## Java

[!INCLUDE [<Partner Center Java SDK support details>](<../includes/java-sdk-support.md>)]

To retrieve agreement metadata for the Microsoft Customer Agreement:

First call the **IAggregatePartner.getAgreementDetails** function and then call the **get** function. Then search for the item within the collection, which corresponds to the Microsoft Customer Agreement:

```java
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

ResourceCollection<AgreementMetaData> agreements = partnerOperations.getAgreements().get();

AgreementMetaData microsoftCloudAgreement;

for (AgreementMetaData metadata : agreements)
{
    if(metadata.getAgreementType() == AgreementType.MicrosoftCloudAgreement)
    {
        microsoftCloudAgreement = metadata;
    }
}
```

A complete sample can be found in the [GetAgreementDetails](https://github.com/Microsoft/Partner-Center-Java-Samples/blob/master/src/main/java/com/microsoft/store/partnercenter/samples/agreements/GetAgreementDetails.java) class from the [console test app](https://github.com/Microsoft/Partner-Center-Java-Samples) project.

## PowerShell

[!INCLUDE [<Partner Center PowerShell module support details>](<../includes/powershell-module-support.md>)]

To retrieve agreement metadata for the Microsoft Customer Agreement:

Use the [**Get-PartnerAgreementDetail**](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/partnercenter/partner-center/get-partneragreementdetail) command. Then search for the item within the collection, which corresponds to the Microsoft Customer Agreement:

```powershell
Get-PartnerAgreementDetail | Where-Object {$_.AgreementType -eq 'MicrosoftCloudAgreement'} | Select-Object -First 1
```

## REST

### REST request

To retrieve agreement metadata for Microsoft Customer Agreement, first create a REST Request to retrieve the **AgreementMetaData** collection. Then search for the item in the collection which corresponds to the Microsoft Customer Agreement.

#### Request syntax

| Method | Request URI                                                         |
|--------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| GET    | [*\{baseURL\}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/agreements HTTP/1.1 |

#### Request headers

- See [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md) for more information.

#### Request body

None.

#### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/agreements HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 94e4e214-6b06-4fb7-96d1-94d559f9b47f
MS-CorrelationId: ab993325-1605-4cf4-bac4-fb584142a31b
```

### REST response

If successful, this method returns a collection of **AgreementMetaData** resources in the response body.

#### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

#### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 620
Content-Type: application/json
MS-RequestId: 94e4e214-6b06-4fb7-96d1-94d559f9b47f
MS-CorrelationId: ab993325-1605-4cf4-bac4-fb584142a31b
{
    "totalCount": 1,
    "items": [
        {
            "templateId": "998b88de-aa99-4388-a42c-1b3517d49490",
            "agreementType": "MicrosoftCloudAgreement",
            "agreementLink": "https://docs.microsoft.com/partner-center/agreements",
            "versionRank": 0
        }
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/agreements",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```

To identify the resource in the response which corresponds to the Microsoft Customer Agreement, look for the resource whose **agreementType** property has value "MicrosoftCloudAgreement".

---
