develop/get-a-list-of-orders-by-customer-and-billing-cycle-type.md, before:

---
title: Get a list of orders by customer and billing cycle type
description: Gets a collection of order resources for the specified customer and billing cycle type.
ms.date: 06/19/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
author: rbars
ms.author: rbars
---

# Get a list of orders by customer and billing cycle type

**Applies to:**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Gets a collection of Order resources that correspond to a given customer and billing cycle type. There is a delay of up to 15 minutes between the time an order is submitted and when it will appear in a collection of a customer's orders.​

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

## C\#

To get a collection of a customer's orders:

1. Use your [**IAggregatePartner.Customers**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.ipartner.customers) collection and call the [**ById()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the selected customer ID.

2. Call the [**Orders**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.orders) property and the **ByBillingCycleType()** method with your specified  [**BillingCycleType**](product-resources.md#billingcycletype).
3. Call the [**Get()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.orders.iordercollection.get) or [**GetAsync()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.orders.iordercollection.getasync) method.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string selectedCustomerId;
// BillingCycleType selectedBillingCycleType;

var orders = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Orders.ByBillingCycleType(selectedBillingCycleType).Get();
```

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                                    |
|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/orders?billingType={billing-cycle-type} HTTP/1.1  |

#### URI parameters

This table lists the required query parameters to get a collection of orders by customer ID and billing cycle type.

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                                               |
|------------------------|----------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-tenant-id     | string   | Yes      | A GUID formatted string corresponding to the customer.    |
| billing-cycle-type     | string   | No       | A string corresponding to the billing cycle type.         |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders?billingType=onetime HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 0e5fc923-8e3c-4560-9100-ce7283c3e081
MS-CorrelationId: 8a53b025-d5be-4d98-ab20-229d1813de76
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a collection of [Order](order-resources.md) resources in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 22463
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 97fa8b4f-6576-4cd9-dd19-ac7c97a023a7
MS-RequestId: 3c6a034c-82ee-4095-d50f-9b530a415f1f
MS-CV: nb4/b3Yl2keY0eYR.0
MS-ServerId: 202010607
Date: Thu, 15 Mar 2018 20:44:40 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 2,
    "items": [
        {
            "id": "9qg-ErcO-4MPbPqq_3MIQaS7bn8W6HfG1",
            "referenceCustomerId": "b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a",
            "billingCycle": "one_time",
            "currencyCode": "USD",
            "lineItems": [
                {
                    "lineItemNumber": 0,
                    "offerId": "DZH318Z0BQ4B:000Z:DZH318Z0DSPL",
                    "friendlyName": "Reserved_VM_Instance_Standard_D1_AP_East_1_Year",
                    "quantity": 1,
                    "links": {
                        "sku": {
                            "uri": "/products/DZH318Z0BQ4B/skus/000Z?country=US",
                            "method": "GET",
                            "headers": []
                        }
                    }
                }
            ],
            "creationDate": "2018-03-15T02:17:15.6455674Z",
            "status": "pending",
            "links": {
                "provisioningStatus": {
                    "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders/9qg-ErcO-4MPbPqq_3MIQaS7bn8W6HfG1/provisioningstatus",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                },
                "self": {
                    "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders/9qg-ErcO-4MPbPqq_3MIQaS7bn8W6HfG1",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                }
            },
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "Order"
            }
        },
        {
            "id": "s-BZlr_TeGksPNT61SsWRL-sqMaKbyVa1",
            "referenceCustomerId": "b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a",
            "billingCycle": "one_time",
            "currencyCode": "USD",
            "lineItems": [
                {
                    "lineItemNumber": 0,
                    "offerId": "DZH318Z0BQ4Z:002P:DZH318Z0CL2D",
                    "friendlyName": "Reserved_VM_Instance_Standard_NC12_AU_East_3_Years",
                    "quantity": 1,
                    "links": {
                        "sku": {
                            "uri": "/products/DZH318Z0BQ4Z/skus/002P?country=US",
                            "method": "GET",
                            "headers": []
                        }
                    }
                }
            ],
            "creationDate": "2018-03-15T01:42:36.8440279Z",
            "status": "pending",
            "links": {
                "provisioningStatus": {
                    "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders/s-BZlr_TeGksPNT61SsWRL-sqMaKbyVa1/provisioningstatus",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                },
                "self": {
                    "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders/s-BZlr_TeGksPNT61SsWRL-sqMaKbyVa1",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                }
            },
            "attributes": { "objectType": "Order" }
        }
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType":
        "Collection"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/get-a-list-of-orders-by-customer-and-billing-cycle-type.md, after:

---
title: Get a list of orders by customer and billing cycle type
description: Gets a collection of order resources for the specified customer and billing cycle type.
ms.date: 06/19/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
author: rbars
ms.author: rbars
---

# Get a list of orders by customer and billing cycle type

**Applies to:**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Gets a collection of Order resources that correspond to a given customer and billing cycle type. There is a delay of up to 15 minutes between the time an order is submitted and when it will appear in a collection of a customer's orders.​

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

## C\#

To get a collection of a customer's orders:

1. Use your [**IAggregatePartner.Customers**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.ipartner.customers) collection and call the [**ById()**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the selected customer ID.

2. Call the [**Orders**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.orders) property and the **ByBillingCycleType()** method with your specified  [**BillingCycleType**](product-resources.md#billingcycletype).
3. Call the [**Get()**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.orders.iordercollection.get) or [**GetAsync()**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.orders.iordercollection.getasync) method.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string selectedCustomerId;
// BillingCycleType selectedBillingCycleType;

var orders = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Orders.ByBillingCycleType(selectedBillingCycleType).Get();
```

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                                    |
|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/orders?billingType={billing-cycle-type} HTTP/1.1  |

#### URI parameters

This table lists the required query parameters to get a collection of orders by customer ID and billing cycle type.

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                                               |
|------------------------|----------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-tenant-id     | string   | Yes      | A GUID formatted string corresponding to the customer.    |
| billing-cycle-type     | string   | No       | A string corresponding to the billing cycle type.         |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders?billingType=onetime HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 0e5fc923-8e3c-4560-9100-ce7283c3e081
MS-CorrelationId: 8a53b025-d5be-4d98-ab20-229d1813de76
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a collection of [Order](order-resources.md) resources in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 22463
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 97fa8b4f-6576-4cd9-dd19-ac7c97a023a7
MS-RequestId: 3c6a034c-82ee-4095-d50f-9b530a415f1f
MS-CV: nb4/b3Yl2keY0eYR.0
MS-ServerId: 202010607
Date: Thu, 15 Mar 2018 20:44:40 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 2,
    "items": [
        {
            "id": "9qg-ErcO-4MPbPqq_3MIQaS7bn8W6HfG1",
            "referenceCustomerId": "b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a",
            "billingCycle": "one_time",
            "currencyCode": "USD",
            "lineItems": [
                {
                    "lineItemNumber": 0,
                    "offerId": "DZH318Z0BQ4B:000Z:DZH318Z0DSPL",
                    "friendlyName": "Reserved_VM_Instance_Standard_D1_AP_East_1_Year",
                    "quantity": 1,
                    "links": {
                        "sku": {
                            "uri": "/products/DZH318Z0BQ4B/skus/000Z?country=US",
                            "method": "GET",
                            "headers": []
                        }
                    }
                }
            ],
            "creationDate": "2018-03-15T02:17:15.6455674Z",
            "status": "pending",
            "links": {
                "provisioningStatus": {
                    "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders/9qg-ErcO-4MPbPqq_3MIQaS7bn8W6HfG1/provisioningstatus",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                },
                "self": {
                    "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders/9qg-ErcO-4MPbPqq_3MIQaS7bn8W6HfG1",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                }
            },
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "Order"
            }
        },
        {
            "id": "s-BZlr_TeGksPNT61SsWRL-sqMaKbyVa1",
            "referenceCustomerId": "b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a",
            "billingCycle": "one_time",
            "currencyCode": "USD",
            "lineItems": [
                {
                    "lineItemNumber": 0,
                    "offerId": "DZH318Z0BQ4Z:002P:DZH318Z0CL2D",
                    "friendlyName": "Reserved_VM_Instance_Standard_NC12_AU_East_3_Years",
                    "quantity": 1,
                    "links": {
                        "sku": {
                            "uri": "/products/DZH318Z0BQ4Z/skus/002P?country=US",
                            "method": "GET",
                            "headers": []
                        }
                    }
                }
            ],
            "creationDate": "2018-03-15T01:42:36.8440279Z",
            "status": "pending",
            "links": {
                "provisioningStatus": {
                    "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders/s-BZlr_TeGksPNT61SsWRL-sqMaKbyVa1/provisioningstatus",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                },
                "self": {
                    "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders/s-BZlr_TeGksPNT61SsWRL-sqMaKbyVa1",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                }
            },
            "attributes": { "objectType": "Order" }
        }
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/customers/b0d70a69-4c42-4b27-b17b-91a835d8686a/orders",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType":
        "Collection"
    }
}
```
