develop/manage-orders.md, before:

---
title: Manage orders
description: This section describes the ways that Cloud Solution Provider partners can use the Partner Center to programmatically manage customer orders and subscriptions.
ms.assetid: D4E13B95-4E27-42E5-86E4-9DBF91564209
ms.date: 01/09/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Manage orders


**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

This section describes the ways that Cloud Solution Provider partners can use the [Partner Center](index.md) to programmatically manage customer orders and subscriptions.

**Purchase Azure Reserved VM Instances**  
- [Purchase Azure reservations](purchase-azure-reservations.md)   

**Make a one-time purchase**  
- [Make a one-time purchase](make-a-one-time-purchase.md) 

**Get offers from the catalog**  
- [Get a list of offer categories by country and locale](get-a-list-of-offer-categories-by-country-and-locale.md)
- [Get a list of offers for a market](get-a-list-of-offers-for-a-market.md)
- [Get an offer by ID](get-an-offer-by-id.md)
- [Get add-ons for an offer ID](get-addon-offers-by-offer-id.md)
- [Get a list of products](get-a-list-of-products.md)
- [Get a product by ID](get-a-product-by-id.md)
- [Get a list of SKUs for a product](get-a-list-of-skus-for-a-product.md)
- [Get a SKU by ID](get-a-sku-by-id.md)
- [Get a list of availabilities for a SKU](get-a-list-of-availabilities-for-a-sku.md)
- [Get an availability by ID](get-an-availability-by-id.md)
- [Check Inventory](check-inventory.md)

**Manage an order**  
- [Cancel an order from the integration sandbox](cancel-an-order-from-the-integration-sandbox.md)
- [Checkout a cart](checkout-a-cart.md)
- [Create a cart](create-a-cart.md)  
- [Create a cart with add-ons](create-a-cart-with-add-ons.md)
- [Get activation link by order line item](get-activation-link-by-order-line-item.md)  
- [Get an order by ID](get-an-order-by-id.md)
- [Purchase an add-on to a subscription](purchase-an-add-on-to-a-subscription.md)
- [Purchase catalog items](purchase-catalog-items.md)
- [Update a cart](update-a-cart.md)  

**Enable a subscription for Azure Reserved VM Instance purchases**  
- [Register a subscription](register-a-subscription.md)
- [Get subscription registration status](get-subscription-registration-status.md) 

**Get subscription details**  
- [Get a subscription by ID](get-a-subscription-by-id.md)  
- [Get a list of subscriptions by order](get-a-list-of-subscriptions-by-order.md)  
- [Get a list of add-ons for a subscription](get-a-list-of-add-ons-for-a-subscription.md)  

**Manage a subscription**  
- [Change the quantity of a subscription](change-the-quantity-of-a-subscription.md)
- [Update autorenew for a third-party-subscription](update-autorenew-for-a-third-party-subscription.md)
- [Suspend a subscription](suspend-a-subscription.md)
- [Reactivate a suspended subscription](reactivate-a-suspended-a-subscription.md)
- [Transition a subscription](transition-a-subscription.md)
- [Cancel a third-party subscription](cancel-a-third-party-subscription.md)

For more information about the process of reviewing offers, creating orders, or working with subscriptions, see [Scenarios](scenarios.md), specifically the [Background](scenarios.md#background) section.

Commit message:

Renamed 'third-party' to 'Azure Marketplace'.

develop/manage-orders.md, after:

---
title: Manage orders
description: This section describes the ways that Cloud Solution Provider partners can use the Partner Center to programmatically manage customer orders and subscriptions.
ms.assetid: D4E13B95-4E27-42E5-86E4-9DBF91564209
ms.date: 01/09/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Manage orders


**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

This section describes the ways that Cloud Solution Provider partners can use the [Partner Center](index.md) to programmatically manage customer orders and subscriptions.

**Purchase Azure Reserved VM Instances**  
- [Purchase Azure reservations](purchase-azure-reservations.md)   

**Make a one-time purchase**  
- [Make a one-time purchase](make-a-one-time-purchase.md) 

**Get offers from the catalog**  
- [Get a list of offer categories by country and locale](get-a-list-of-offer-categories-by-country-and-locale.md)
- [Get a list of offers for a market](get-a-list-of-offers-for-a-market.md)
- [Get an offer by ID](get-an-offer-by-id.md)
- [Get add-ons for an offer ID](get-addon-offers-by-offer-id.md)
- [Get a list of products](get-a-list-of-products.md)
- [Get a product by ID](get-a-product-by-id.md)
- [Get a list of SKUs for a product](get-a-list-of-skus-for-a-product.md)
- [Get a SKU by ID](get-a-sku-by-id.md)
- [Get a list of availabilities for a SKU](get-a-list-of-availabilities-for-a-sku.md)
- [Get an availability by ID](get-an-availability-by-id.md)
- [Check Inventory](check-inventory.md)

**Manage an order**  
- [Cancel an order from the integration sandbox](cancel-an-order-from-the-integration-sandbox.md)
- [Checkout a cart](checkout-a-cart.md)
- [Create a cart](create-a-cart.md)  
- [Create a cart with add-ons](create-a-cart-with-add-ons.md)
- [Get activation link by order line item](get-activation-link-by-order-line-item.md)  
- [Get an order by ID](get-an-order-by-id.md)
- [Purchase an add-on to a subscription](purchase-an-add-on-to-a-subscription.md)
- [Purchase catalog items](purchase-catalog-items.md)
- [Update a cart](update-a-cart.md)  

**Enable a subscription for Azure Reserved VM Instance purchases**  
- [Register a subscription](register-a-subscription.md)
- [Get subscription registration status](get-subscription-registration-status.md) 

**Get subscription details**  
- [Get a subscription by ID](get-a-subscription-by-id.md)  
- [Get a list of subscriptions by order](get-a-list-of-subscriptions-by-order.md)  
- [Get a list of add-ons for a subscription](get-a-list-of-add-ons-for-a-subscription.md)  

**Manage a subscription**  
- [Change the quantity of a subscription](change-the-quantity-of-a-subscription.md)
- [Update autorenew for an Azure Marketplace-subscription](update-autorenew-for-an-azure-marketplace-subscription.md)
- [Suspend a subscription](suspend-a-subscription.md)
- [Reactivate a suspended subscription](reactivate-a-suspended-a-subscription.md)
- [Transition a subscription](transition-a-subscription.md)
- [Cancel an Azure Marketplace subscription](cancel-an-azure-marketplace-subscription.md)

For more information about the process of reviewing offers, creating orders, or working with subscriptions, see [Scenarios](scenarios.md), specifically the [Background](scenarios.md#background) section.
