develop/order-resources.md, before:

---
title: Order resources
description: A partner places an order when a customer wants to buy a subscription from a list of offers.
ms.assetid: 5CFA35FF-1C0D-461D-A942-309AFCD98395
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Order resources


**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

A partner places an order when a customer wants to buy a subscription from a list of offers.

>[!NOTE]
>The Order resource has a rate limit of 500 requests per minute per tenant identifier.


## <span id="order"/><span id="ORDER"/>Order


Describes a partner's order.

| Property           | Type                                               | Description                                                 |
|--------------------|----------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| id                 | string                                             | An order identifier that is supplied upon successful creation of the order.                                   |
| alternateId        | string                                             | A friendly identifier for the order.                                                                          |
|referenceCustomerId | string                                             | The customer identifier. |
| billingCycle       | string                                             | Indicates the frequency with which the partner is billed for this order. Supported values are the member names found in [BillingCycleType](product-resources.md#billingcycletype). The default is "Monthly" or "OneTime" at order creation. This field is applied upon successful creation of the order. |
| transactionType    | string                                             | Read-only. The transaction type of the order. Supported values are 'UserPurchase', 'SystemPurchase', or 'SystemBilling' |
| lineItems          | array of [OrderLineItem](#orderlineitem) resources | An itemized list of the offers the customer is purchasing including the quantity.        |
| currencyCode       | string                                             | Read-only. The currency used when placing the order. Applied upon successful creation of the order.           |
| currencySymbol     | string                                             | Read-only. The currency symbol assciated with the currency code. |
| creationDate       | datetime                                           | Read-only. The date the order was created, in date-time format. Applied upon successful creation of the order.                                   |
| status             | string                                             | Read-only. The status of the order.  Supported values are the member names found in [**OrderStatus**](#orderstatus).        |
| links              | [OrderLinks](utility-resources.md#resourcelinks)           | The resource links corresponding to the Order.            |
| attributes         | [ResourceAttributes](utility-resources.md#resourceattributes) | The metadata attributes corresponding to the Order.       |



## <span id="orderLineItem"/><span id="orderlineitem"/><span id="ORDERLINEITEM"/>OrderLineItem


An order contains an itemized list of offers, and each item is represented as an OrderLineItem.

| Property             | Type                                      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
|----------------------|-------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| lineItemNumber       | int                                       | Each line item in the collection gets a unique line number, counting up from 0 to count-1.                                                                                                                                                 |
| offerId              | string                                    | The ID of the offer.                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| subscriptionId       | string                                    | The ID of the subscription.                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| parentSubscriptionId | string                                    | Optional. The ID of the parent subscription in an add-on offer. Applies to PATCH only.                                                                                                                                                     |
| friendlyName         | string                                    | Optional. The friendly name for the subscription defined by the partner to help disambiguate.                                                                                                                                              |
| quantity             | int                                       | The number of licenses or instances.                                                                                                                                                                                |
| termDuration         | string                                    | An ISO 8601 representation of the term's duration. The current supported values are P1M (1 month), P1Y (1 year) and P3Y (3 years).                               |
| transactionType      | string                                    | Read-only. The transaction type of the line item. Supported Values are 'new', 'renew', 'addQuantity', 'removeQuantity', 'cancel', 'convert', or 'customerCredit'. |
| partnerIdOnRecord    | string                                    | When an indirect provider places an order on behalf of an indirect reseller, populate this field with the MPN ID of the **indirect reseller only** (never the ID of the indirect provider). This ensures proper accounting for incentives. |
| provisioningContext  | Dictionary<string, string>                | Information required for provisioning for some items in the catalog. The provisioningVariables property in a SKU indicates which properties are required for specific items in the catalog.                                                                                                                                               |
| links                | [OrderLineItemLinks](#orderlineitemlinks) | Read-only. The resource links corresponding to the order line item.                                                                                                                                                                                |

 

## <span id="orderLinks"/><span id="orderlinks"/><span id="ORDERLINKS"/>OrderLinks


Represents the resource links corresponding to the order.

| Property           | Type                                         | Description                                                                   |
|--------------------|----------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| provisioningStatus | [Link](utility-resources.md#Link)            | When populated, the link to retrieve provisioning status for the order.       |
| self               | [Link](utility-resources.md#Link)            | The link to retrieve the order resource.                                      |



## <span id="orderLineItemLinks"/><span id="orderlineitemlinks"/><span id="ORDERLINEITEMLINKS"/>OrderLineItemLinks


Represents the full subscription associated with the order.

| Property           | Type                                         | Description                                                                          |
|--------------------|----------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| provisioningStatus | [Link](utility-resources.md#Link)            | When populated, the link to retrieve the [provisioning status](#orderlineitemprovisioningstatus) of the line item.       |
| sku                | [Link](utility-resources.md#Link)            | The link to retrieve SKU information for the catalog item bought.                    |
| subscription       | [Link](utility-resources.md#Link)            | When populated, the link to the full subscription information.                       |
| activationLinks    | [Link](utility-resources.md#Link)            | When populated, the GET resource for links to activate the subscription.             |

 

 
## <span id="orderStatus"/><span id="orderstatus"/><span id="ORDERSTATUS"/>OrderStatus


An [Enum](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.enum) with values that indicate the state of the order.

| Value              | Position     | Description                                     |
|--------------------|--------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| unknown            | 0            | Enum initializer.                               |
| completed          | 1            | Indicates that the order is completed.          |
| pending            | 2            | Indicates that the order is still pending.      |
| cancelled          | 3            | Indicates that the order has been cancelled.    |




## <span id="orderLineItemProvisioningStatus"/><span id="orderlineitemprovisioningstatus"/><span id="ORDERLINEITEMPROVISIONINGSTATUS"/>OrderLineItemProvisioningStatus 


Represents the provisioning status of an [OrderLineItem](#orderlineitem).

| Property                        | Type                                | Description                                                                                |
|------------------------------------|-------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| lineItemNumber                  | int                                 | The unique line number of the order line item. Values range from 0 to count-1.             |
| status                          | string                              | The provisioning status of the order line item. Values include:</br>"Fulfilled": Fulfillment of the order is successfully completed and the user will be able to use the reservations</br>"Unfulfilled": Not fulfilled due to cancellation</br>"PrefulfillmentPending": Your request is still processing, fulfillment is not yet complete |
| quantityProvisioningInformation | List<[QuantityProvisioningStatus](#quantityprovisioningstatus)> | A list of quantity provisioning status information for the order line item. |
  
  
## <span id="quantityProvisioningStatus"/><span id="quantityprovisioningstatus"/><span id="QUANTITYPROVISIONINGSTATUS"/>QuantityProvisioningStatus 


Represents the provisioning status by quantity.

| Property                           | Type                                         | Description                                          |
|------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| quantity                           | int                                          | The number of items.                                 |
| status                             | string                                       | The status of the number of items.                   |

Commit message:

Documentation changes with respect to model changes to Subscription,Order and Cart resources.

develop/order-resources.md, after:

---
title: Order resources
description: A partner places an order when a customer wants to buy a subscription from a list of offers.
ms.assetid: 5CFA35FF-1C0D-461D-A942-309AFCD98395
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Order resources


**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

A partner places an order when a customer wants to buy a subscription from a list of offers.

>[!NOTE]
>The Order resource has a rate limit of 500 requests per minute per tenant identifier.


## <span id="order"/><span id="ORDER"/>Order


Describes a partner's order.

| Property           | Type                                               | Description                                                 |
|--------------------|----------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| id                 | string                                             | An order identifier that is supplied upon successful creation of the order.                                   |
| alternateId        | string                                             | A friendly identifier for the order.                                                                          |
|referenceCustomerId | string                                             | The customer identifier. |
| billingCycle       | string                                             | Indicates the frequency with which the partner is billed for this order. Supported values are the member names found in [BillingCycleType](product-resources.md#billingcycletype). The default is "Monthly" or "OneTime" at order creation. This field is applied upon successful creation of the order. |
| transactionType    | string                                             | Read-only. The transaction type of the order. Supported values are 'UserPurchase', 'SystemPurchase', or 'SystemBilling' |
| lineItems          | array of [OrderLineItem](#orderlineitem) resources | An itemized list of the offers the customer is purchasing including the quantity.        |
| currencyCode       | string                                             | Read-only. The currency used when placing the order. Applied upon successful creation of the order.           |
| currencySymbol     | string                                             | Read-only. The currency symbol assciated with the currency code. |
| creationDate       | datetime                                           | Read-only. The date the order was created, in date-time format. Applied upon successful creation of the order.                                   |
| status             | string                                             | Read-only. The status of the order.  Supported values are the member names found in [**OrderStatus**](#orderstatus).        |
| links              | [OrderLinks](utility-resources.md#resourcelinks)           | The resource links corresponding to the Order.            |
| attributes         | [ResourceAttributes](utility-resources.md#resourceattributes) | The metadata attributes corresponding to the Order.       |



## <span id="orderLineItem"/><span id="orderlineitem"/><span id="ORDERLINEITEM"/>OrderLineItem


An order contains an itemized list of offers, and each item is represented as an OrderLineItem.

| Property             | Type                                      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
|----------------------|-------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| lineItemNumber       | int                                       | Each line item in the collection gets a unique line number, counting up from 0 to count-1.                                                                                                                                                 |
| offerId              | string                                    | The ID of the offer.                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| subscriptionId       | string                                    | The ID of the subscription.                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| parentSubscriptionId | string                                    | Optional. The ID of the parent subscription in an add-on offer. Applies to PATCH only.                                                                                                                                                     |
| friendlyName         | string                                    | Optional. The friendly name for the subscription defined by the partner to help disambiguate.                                                                                                                                              |
| quantity             | int                                       | The number of licenses or instances.                                                                                                                                                                                |
| termDuration         | string                                    | An ISO 8601 representation of the term's duration. The current supported values are P1M (1 month), P1Y (1 year) and P3Y (3 years).                               |
| transactionType      | string                                    | Read-only. The transaction type of the line item. Supported Values are 'new', 'renew', 'addQuantity', 'removeQuantity', 'cancel', 'convert', or 'customerCredit'. |
| partnerIdOnRecord    | string                                    | When an indirect provider places an order on behalf of an indirect reseller, populate this field with the MPN ID of the **indirect reseller only** (never the ID of the indirect provider). This ensures proper accounting for incentives. |
| provisioningContext  | Dictionary<string, string>                | Information required for provisioning for some items in the catalog. The provisioningVariables property in a SKU indicates which properties are required for specific items in the catalog.                                                                                                                                               |
| links                | [OrderLineItemLinks](#orderlineitemlinks) | Read-only. The resource links corresponding to the order line item.                                                                                                                                                                                |
| renewsTo             | Array of objects                          | An array of [RenewsTo](#renewsto) resources.                                                                            |

## <span id="renewsTo"/><span id="renewsto"/><span id="RENEWSTO"/>RenewsTo

Represents one item contained in a order line item.

| Property              | Type             | Required        | Description |
|-----------------------|------------------|-----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| termDuration          | string           | No              | An ISO 8601 representation of the renewal term's duration. The current supported values are P1M (1 month), P1Y (1 year) |

## <span id="orderLinks"/><span id="orderlinks"/><span id="ORDERLINKS"/>OrderLinks


Represents the resource links corresponding to the order.

| Property           | Type                                         | Description                                                                   |
|--------------------|----------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| provisioningStatus | [Link](utility-resources.md#Link)            | When populated, the link to retrieve provisioning status for the order.       |
| self               | [Link](utility-resources.md#Link)            | The link to retrieve the order resource.                                      |



## <span id="orderLineItemLinks"/><span id="orderlineitemlinks"/><span id="ORDERLINEITEMLINKS"/>OrderLineItemLinks


Represents the full subscription associated with the order.

| Property           | Type                                         | Description                                                                          |
|--------------------|----------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| provisioningStatus | [Link](utility-resources.md#Link)            | When populated, the link to retrieve the [provisioning status](#orderlineitemprovisioningstatus) of the line item.       |
| sku                | [Link](utility-resources.md#Link)            | The link to retrieve SKU information for the catalog item bought.                    |
| subscription       | [Link](utility-resources.md#Link)            | When populated, the link to the full subscription information.                       |
| activationLinks    | [Link](utility-resources.md#Link)            | When populated, the GET resource for links to activate the subscription.             |

 

 
## <span id="orderStatus"/><span id="orderstatus"/><span id="ORDERSTATUS"/>OrderStatus


An [Enum](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.enum) with values that indicate the state of the order.

| Value              | Position     | Description                                     |
|--------------------|--------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| unknown            | 0            | Enum initializer.                               |
| completed          | 1            | Indicates that the order is completed.          |
| pending            | 2            | Indicates that the order is still pending.      |
| cancelled          | 3            | Indicates that the order has been cancelled.    |




## <span id="orderLineItemProvisioningStatus"/><span id="orderlineitemprovisioningstatus"/><span id="ORDERLINEITEMPROVISIONINGSTATUS"/>OrderLineItemProvisioningStatus 


Represents the provisioning status of an [OrderLineItem](#orderlineitem).

| Property                        | Type                                | Description                                                                                |
|------------------------------------|-------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| lineItemNumber                  | int                                 | The unique line number of the order line item. Values range from 0 to count-1.             |
| status                          | string                              | The provisioning status of the order line item. Values include:</br>"Fulfilled": Fulfillment of the order is successfully completed and the user will be able to use the reservations</br>"Unfulfilled": Not fulfilled due to cancellation</br>"PrefulfillmentPending": Your request is still processing, fulfillment is not yet complete |
| quantityProvisioningInformation | List<[QuantityProvisioningStatus](#quantityprovisioningstatus)> | A list of quantity provisioning status information for the order line item. |
  
  
## <span id="quantityProvisioningStatus"/><span id="quantityprovisioningstatus"/><span id="QUANTITYPROVISIONINGSTATUS"/>QuantityProvisioningStatus 


Represents the provisioning status by quantity.

| Property                           | Type                                         | Description                                          |
|------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| quantity                           | int                                          | The number of items.                                 |
| status                             | string                                       | The status of the number of items.                   |
