develop/partner-center-rest-api-reference.md, before:

---
title: Partner Center REST API reference
description: 
    The Partner Center REST API helps Cloud Solution Provider partners
    integrate their existing CRM or billing software with the Microsoft
    systems that manage customer accounts, place orders, manage
    subscriptions, and handle support requests.
ms.assetid: 25191A95-52BB-4E33-A63C-5D00FAF55806
ms.author: v-thpr
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: partner-center
ms.technology: partner-center-sdk
---

# Partner Center REST API reference


<span class="sidebar_heading" style="font-weight: bold;">Applies
To</span>

-   Partner Center
-   Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
-   Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
-   Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

The Partner Center REST API helps Cloud Solution Provider partners
integrate their existing CRM or billing software with the Microsoft
systems that manage customer accounts, place orders, manage
subscriptions, and handle support requests.

For more information about what the API can do, including sample code,
see the [Scenarios](scenarios.md) section, including the Background
overview. Before you begin coding, read the [Get
started](get-started.md) section for information about setting up your
test and production accounts, getting authentication working, and
finding the sample code.

## <span id="In_this_section"></span><span id="in_this_section"></span><span id="IN_THIS_SECTION"></span>In this section


|                                                                    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Partner Center REST URLs](partner-center-rest-urls.md)           | Defines the REST API endpoints for different versions of Partner Center.                                                                                                                                         |
| [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md)                         | Defines the request and response headers used by the REST API.                                                                                                                                                   |
| [Partner Center REST resources](partner-center-rest-resources.md) | Defines the JSON constructs that represent the objects needed to use the REST API.                                                                                                                               |
| [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md)                 | The Partner Center API returns standard HTTP success and error codes. Partners can review the error type and occasionally additional parameters to determine whether their requests succeeded and to help debug. |

Commit message:

Added page for supported languages and locales.

develop/partner-center-rest-api-reference.md, after:

---
title: Partner Center REST API reference
description: 
    The Partner Center REST API helps Cloud Solution Provider partners
    integrate their existing CRM or billing software with the Microsoft
    systems that manage customer accounts, place orders, manage
    subscriptions, and handle support requests.
ms.assetid: 25191A95-52BB-4E33-A63C-5D00FAF55806
ms.author: v-thpr
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: partner-center
ms.technology: partner-center-sdk
---

# Partner Center REST API reference


<span class="sidebar_heading" style="font-weight: bold;">Applies
To</span>

-   Partner Center
-   Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
-   Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
-   Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

The Partner Center REST API helps Cloud Solution Provider partners
integrate their existing CRM or billing software with the Microsoft
systems that manage customer accounts, place orders, manage
subscriptions, and handle support requests.

For more information about what the API can do, including sample code,
see the [Scenarios](scenarios.md) section, including the Background
overview. Before you begin coding, read the [Get
started](get-started.md) section for information about setting up your
test and production accounts, getting authentication working, and
finding the sample code.

## <span id="In_this_section"></span><span id="in_this_section"></span><span id="IN_THIS_SECTION"></span>In this section


|                                                                    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Partner Center REST URLs](partner-center-rest-urls.md)           | Defines the REST API endpoints for different versions of Partner Center.                                                                                                                                         |
| [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md)                         | Defines the request and response headers used by the REST API.                                                                                                                                                   |
| [Partner Center REST resources](partner-center-rest-resources.md) | Defines the JSON constructs that represent the objects needed to use the REST API.                                                                                                                               |
| [Partner Center supported languages and locales](partner-center-supported-languages-and-locales.md)              | Lists the locales, languages, and country/region codes that are supported in the Partner Center APIs. |
