develop/remove-customer-user-from-a-role.md, before:

---
title: Remove a customer user from a role
description: How to remove a user from a directory role within a customer account.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Remove a customer user from a role

**Applies To**

- Partner Center

How to remove a user from a directory role within a customer account.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

## C\#

To remove a user from a directory role, select the customer with the user to modify with a call to the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method, From there, specify the role using the [**DirectoryRoles.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customerdirectoryroles.idirectoryrolecollection.byid) method with the directory role ID. Then, access the [**UserMembers.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customerdirectoryroles.iusermembercollection.byid) method to identify the user to remove, and the [**Delete**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customerdirectoryroles.iusermember.delete) method to remove the user from the role.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string selectedCustomerId;
// string selectedRoleId;
// string selectedUserMemberId;

partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).DirectoryRoles.ById(selectedRoleId).UserMembers.ById(selectedUserMemberId).Delete();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: RemoveCustomerUserMemberFromDirectoryRole.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method     | Request URI                                                                                                                           |
|------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **DELETE** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/directoryroles/{role-ID}/usermembers/{user-ID} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following URI parameters to identify the correct customer, role and user.

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                                                                        |
|------------------------|----------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id** | **guid** | Y        | The value is a GUID formatted **customer-tenant-id** that identifies the customer. |
| **role-id**            | **guid** | Y        | The value is a GUID formatted **role-id** that identifies the role.                |
| **user-id**            | **guid** | Y        | The value is a GUID formatted **user-id** that identifies a single user account.   |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
DELETE https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04%20/directoryroles/729827e3-9c14-49f7-bb1b-9608f156bbb8/usermembers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04%20 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 0a00ec08-6273-46bb-ab6f-14a13959b381
MS-CorrelationId: 87d18a45-81fc-40cf-921a-b91cb82d67fe
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Content-Length: 0
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## REST response

If the user is removed from the role successfully, the response body is empty.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
Content-Length: 0
MS-CorrelationId: 90bda268-7929-4ad6-be01-89c5af5fc504
MS-RequestId: e784d7aa-8c8d-45ee-8f97-9e09823d7338
MS-CV: es01VX8do0u2aTXw.0
MS-ServerId: 101112616
Date: Tue, 20 Dec 2016 23:16:35 GMT
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/remove-customer-user-from-a-role.md, after:

---
title: Remove a customer user from a role
description: How to remove a user from a directory role within a customer account.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Remove a customer user from a role

**Applies To**

- Partner Center

How to remove a user from a directory role within a customer account.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

## C\#

To remove a user from a directory role, select the customer with the user to modify with a call to the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method, From there, specify the role using the [**DirectoryRoles.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customerdirectoryroles.idirectoryrolecollection.byid) method with the directory role ID. Then, access the [**UserMembers.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customerdirectoryroles.iusermembercollection.byid) method to identify the user to remove, and the [**Delete**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customerdirectoryroles.iusermember.delete) method to remove the user from the role.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string selectedCustomerId;
// string selectedRoleId;
// string selectedUserMemberId;

partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).DirectoryRoles.ById(selectedRoleId).UserMembers.ById(selectedUserMemberId).Delete();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: RemoveCustomerUserMemberFromDirectoryRole.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method     | Request URI                                                                                                                           |
|------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **DELETE** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/directoryroles/{role-ID}/usermembers/{user-ID} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following URI parameters to identify the correct customer, role and user.

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                                                                        |
|------------------------|----------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id** | **guid** | Y        | The value is a GUID formatted **customer-tenant-id** that identifies the customer. |
| **role-id**            | **guid** | Y        | The value is a GUID formatted **role-id** that identifies the role.                |
| **user-id**            | **guid** | Y        | The value is a GUID formatted **user-id** that identifies a single user account.   |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
DELETE https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04%20/directoryroles/729827e3-9c14-49f7-bb1b-9608f156bbb8/usermembers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04%20 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 0a00ec08-6273-46bb-ab6f-14a13959b381
MS-CorrelationId: 87d18a45-81fc-40cf-921a-b91cb82d67fe
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Content-Length: 0
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## REST response

If the user is removed from the role successfully, the response body is empty.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
Content-Length: 0
MS-CorrelationId: 90bda268-7929-4ad6-be01-89c5af5fc504
MS-RequestId: e784d7aa-8c8d-45ee-8f97-9e09823d7338
MS-CV: es01VX8do0u2aTXw.0
MS-ServerId: 101112616
Date: Tue, 20 Dec 2016 23:16:35 GMT
```
