develop/request-reseller-relationship.md, before:

---
title: Retrieve a relationship request URL
description: How to retrieve a relationship request URL to send to a customer.
ms.date: 07/22/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Retrieve a relationship request URL

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany

How to retrieve a relationship request URL to send to a customer.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

## C\#

To retrieve a relationship request URL, first use [**IAggregatePartner.Customers**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.ipartner.customers) to get an interface to the partner's customer operations. Next, use the [**RelationshipRequest**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.relationshiprequest) property to get an interface to customer relationship request operations. Finally, call the [**Get**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.relationshiprequests.icustomerrelationshiprequest.get) or [**GetAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.relationshiprequests.icustomerrelationshiprequest.getasync) method to retrieve the URL.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

var customerRelationshipRequest = partnerOperations.Customers.RelationshipRequest.Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetCustomerRelationshipRequest.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                            |
|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/relationshiprequests HTTP/1.1 |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/relationshiprequests HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: ee519026-4c67-4113-bec7-a38aca621bf0
MS-CorrelationId: 02971f0f-1029-47b2-9fdb-1932f0987470
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## REST response

If successful, the response contains the [RelationshipRequest](relationships-resources.md#relationshiprequest) object.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 196
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 02971f0f-1029-47b2-9fdb-1932f0987470
MS-RequestId: ee519026-4c67-4113-bec7-a38aca621bf0
MS-CV: jbYZRWjU3E262f8o.0
MS-ServerId: 030020643
Date: Fri, 19 May 2017 22:32:07 GMT

{
    "url": "https://portal.office.com/partner/partnersignup.aspx?type=ResellerRelationship&id=3b33e682-00c3-41ee-9dd2-a548adf56438&csp=1&msppid=0",
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "RelationshipRequest"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/request-reseller-relationship.md, after:

---
title: Retrieve a relationship request URL
description: How to retrieve a relationship request URL to send to a customer.
ms.date: 07/22/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Retrieve a relationship request URL

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany

How to retrieve a relationship request URL to send to a customer.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

## C\#

To retrieve a relationship request URL, first use [**IAggregatePartner.Customers**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.ipartner.customers) to get an interface to the partner's customer operations. Next, use the [**RelationshipRequest**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.relationshiprequest) property to get an interface to customer relationship request operations. Finally, call the [**Get**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.relationshiprequests.icustomerrelationshiprequest.get) or [**GetAsync**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.relationshiprequests.icustomerrelationshiprequest.getasync) method to retrieve the URL.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

var customerRelationshipRequest = partnerOperations.Customers.RelationshipRequest.Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetCustomerRelationshipRequest.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                            |
|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/relationshiprequests HTTP/1.1 |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/relationshiprequests HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: ee519026-4c67-4113-bec7-a38aca621bf0
MS-CorrelationId: 02971f0f-1029-47b2-9fdb-1932f0987470
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## REST response

If successful, the response contains the [RelationshipRequest](relationships-resources.md#relationshiprequest) object.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 196
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 02971f0f-1029-47b2-9fdb-1932f0987470
MS-RequestId: ee519026-4c67-4113-bec7-a38aca621bf0
MS-CV: jbYZRWjU3E262f8o.0
MS-ServerId: 030020643
Date: Fri, 19 May 2017 22:32:07 GMT

{
    "url": "https://portal.office.com/partner/partnersignup.aspx?type=ResellerRelationship&id=3b33e682-00c3-41ee-9dd2-a548adf56438&csp=1&msppid=0",
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "RelationshipRequest"
    }
}
```
