develop/retrieve-a-list-of-indirect-resellers.md, before:

---
title: Retrieve a list of indirect resellers
description: How to retrieve a list of the signed-in partner's indirect resellers.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Retrieve a list of indirect resellers

**Applies To**

- Partner Center

How to retrieve a list of the signed-in partner's indirect resellers.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

## C\#

To retrieve a list of indirect resellers with whom the signed-in partner has a relationship, first get an interface to relationship collection operations from the [**partnerOperations.Relationships**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.ipartner.relationships) property. Then call the [**Get**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.relationships.irelationshipcollection.get) or [**Get\_Async**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.relationships.irelationshipcollection.getasync) method, passing a member of the [**PartnerRelationshipType**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.relationships.partnerrelationshiptype) enumeration to identify the relationship type. To retrieve indirect resellers, you must use IsIndirectCloudSolutionProviderOf.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

var indirectResellers = partnerOperations.Relationships.Get(PartnerRelationshipType.IsIndirectCloudSolutionProviderOf);
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md)**Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetIndirectResellers.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                                |
|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/relationships?relationship\_type=IsIndirectCloudSolutionProviderOf HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following query parameter to identify the relationship type.

<table>
<colgroup>
<col width="25%" />
<col width="25%" />
<col width="25%" />
<col width="25%" />
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Name</th>
<th>Type</th>
<th>Required</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>relationship_type</td>
<td>string</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>The value is the string representation of one of the member names found in <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.relationships.partnerrelationshiptype"><strong>PartnerRelationshipType</strong></a>.
<p>If the partner is signed in as a provider and you want to get a list of the indirect resellers with whom they have established a relationship, use IsIndirectCloudSolutionProviderOf.</p>
<p>If the partner is signed in as a reseller and you want to get a list of the indirect providers with whom they have established a relationship, use IsIndirectResellerOf.</p></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/relationships?relationship_type=IsIndirectCloudSolutionProviderOf HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 144391a4-fb06-41ae-b684-3308ce4706bd
MS-CorrelationId: 72524ef8-81aa-4141-a049-45a4fece5d84
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains a collection of [PartnerRelationship](relationships-resources.md) resources to identify the resellers.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 298
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 72524ef8-81aa-4141-a049-45a4fece5d84
MS-RequestId: 144391a4-fb06-41ae-b684-3308ce4706bd
MS-CV: b21Ll1miM0yFMPQQ.0
MS-ServerId: 030020643
Date: Wed, 05 Apr 2017 21:08:44 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 2,
    "items": [{
            "id": "484e548c-f5f3-4528-93a9-c16c6373cb59",
            "name": "First Up Consultants",
            "relationshipType": "is_indirect_cloud_solution_provider_of",
            "state": "Active",
            "mpnId": "4847383",
            "location": "US",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "PartnerRelationship"
            }
        }, {
            "id": "b01b1487-b36e-4e6d-9b5e-0b58974c4b28",
            "name": "ReleCloud",
            "relationshipType": "is_indirect_cloud_solution_provider_of",
            "state": "Active",
            "mpnId": "4847433",
            "location": "BR",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "PartnerRelationship"
            }
        }
    ],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/retrieve-a-list-of-indirect-resellers.md, after:

---
title: Retrieve a list of indirect resellers
description: How to retrieve a list of the signed-in partner's indirect resellers.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Retrieve a list of indirect resellers

**Applies To**

- Partner Center

How to retrieve a list of the signed-in partner's indirect resellers.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

## C\#

To retrieve a list of indirect resellers with whom the signed-in partner has a relationship, first get an interface to relationship collection operations from the [**partnerOperations.Relationships**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.ipartner.relationships) property. Then call the [**Get**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.relationships.irelationshipcollection.get) or [**Get\_Async**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.relationships.irelationshipcollection.getasync) method, passing a member of the [**PartnerRelationshipType**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.relationships.partnerrelationshiptype) enumeration to identify the relationship type. To retrieve indirect resellers, you must use IsIndirectCloudSolutionProviderOf.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;

var indirectResellers = partnerOperations.Relationships.Get(PartnerRelationshipType.IsIndirectCloudSolutionProviderOf);
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md)**Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetIndirectResellers.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                                |
|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/relationships?relationship\_type=IsIndirectCloudSolutionProviderOf HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following query parameter to identify the relationship type.

<table>
<colgroup>
<col width="25%" />
<col width="25%" />
<col width="25%" />
<col width="25%" />
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Name</th>
<th>Type</th>
<th>Required</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>relationship_type</td>
<td>string</td>
<td>Yes</td>
<td>The value is the string representation of one of the member names found in <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.relationships.partnerrelationshiptype"><strong>PartnerRelationshipType</strong></a>.
<p>If the partner is signed in as a provider and you want to get a list of the indirect resellers with whom they have established a relationship, use IsIndirectCloudSolutionProviderOf.</p>
<p>If the partner is signed in as a reseller and you want to get a list of the indirect providers with whom they have established a relationship, use IsIndirectResellerOf.</p></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/relationships?relationship_type=IsIndirectCloudSolutionProviderOf HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 144391a4-fb06-41ae-b684-3308ce4706bd
MS-CorrelationId: 72524ef8-81aa-4141-a049-45a4fece5d84
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains a collection of [PartnerRelationship](relationships-resources.md) resources to identify the resellers.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 298
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 72524ef8-81aa-4141-a049-45a4fece5d84
MS-RequestId: 144391a4-fb06-41ae-b684-3308ce4706bd
MS-CV: b21Ll1miM0yFMPQQ.0
MS-ServerId: 030020643
Date: Wed, 05 Apr 2017 21:08:44 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 2,
    "items": [{
            "id": "484e548c-f5f3-4528-93a9-c16c6373cb59",
            "name": "First Up Consultants",
            "relationshipType": "is_indirect_cloud_solution_provider_of",
            "state": "Active",
            "mpnId": "4847383",
            "location": "US",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "PartnerRelationship"
            }
        }, {
            "id": "b01b1487-b36e-4e6d-9b5e-0b58974c4b28",
            "name": "ReleCloud",
            "relationshipType": "is_indirect_cloud_solution_provider_of",
            "state": "Active",
            "mpnId": "4847433",
            "location": "BR",
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "PartnerRelationship"
            }
        }
    ],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```
