develop/retrieve-a-customer-s-configuration-policy.md, before:

---
title: Retrieve a customer's configuration policy
description: How to retrieve the specified configuration policy for the specified customer.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Retrieve a customer's configuration policy

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany

How to retrieve the specified configuration policy for the specified customer.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- The policy identifier.

## C\#

To retrieve a configuration policy for the specified customer, first call the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to retrieve an interface to operations on the specified customer. Next, call the [**ConfigurationPolicies.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.iconfigurationpolicycollection.byid) method with the policy ID to retrieve an interface to configuration policy operations for the specified policy. Finally, call the [**Get**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.iconfigurationpolicy.get) or [**GetAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.iconfigurationpolicy.getasync) method to retrieve the configuration policy.

``` csharp
IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
string selectedCustomerId;
string selectedConfigurationPolicyId;

ConfigurationPolicy retrievedConfigurationPolicy =
    partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).ConfigurationPolicies.ById(selectedConfigurationPolicyId).Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetConfigurationPolicy.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                          |
|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/policies/{policy-id} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following path and query parameters when creating the request.

| Name        | Type   | Required | Description                                           |
|-------------|--------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id | string | Yes      | A GUID-formatted string that identifies the customer. |
| policy-id   | string | Yes      | A GUID-formatted string that identifies the policy.   |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/47021739-3426-40bf-9601-61b4b6d7c793/policies/56edf752-ee77-4fd8-b7f5-df1f74a3a9ac HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: e88d014d-ab70-41de-90a0-f7fd1797267d
MS-CorrelationId: de894e18-f027-4ac0-8b5a-34f0c222af0c
X-Locale: en-US
Content-Length: 0
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, the response contains the requested [ConfigurationPolicy](device-deployment-resources.md#configurationpolicy) resource.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 443
MS-CorrelationId: abe150cf-c677-435c-b5d5-b34899a6d1ec
MS-RequestId: ab3abfe7-dce7-46c0-ab20-4fd49bc3e2f7
MS-CV: YrLe3w6BbUSMt1fi.0
MS-ServerId: 030020344
Date: Tue, 25 Jul 2017 18:08:27 GMT

﻿{
    "id": "56edf752-ee77-4fd8-b7f5-df1f74a3a9ac",
    "name": "Test policy",
    "category": "o_o_b_e",
    "description": "Test policy creation from API 1",
    "devicesAssigned": 0,
    "policySettings": ["skip_express_settings"],
    "createdDate": "2017-07-25T11:03:03.8457116-07:00",
    "lastModifiedDate": "2017-07-25T11:04:00.8149974-07:00",
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "ConfigurationPolicy"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/retrieve-a-customer-s-configuration-policy.md, after:

---
title: Retrieve a customer's configuration policy
description: How to retrieve the specified configuration policy for the specified customer.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Retrieve a customer's configuration policy

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany

How to retrieve the specified configuration policy for the specified customer.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- The policy identifier.

## C\#

To retrieve a configuration policy for the specified customer, first call the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to retrieve an interface to operations on the specified customer. Next, call the [**ConfigurationPolicies.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.iconfigurationpolicycollection.byid) method with the policy ID to retrieve an interface to configuration policy operations for the specified policy. Finally, call the [**Get**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.iconfigurationpolicy.get) or [**GetAsync**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.iconfigurationpolicy.getasync) method to retrieve the configuration policy.

``` csharp
IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
string selectedCustomerId;
string selectedConfigurationPolicyId;

ConfigurationPolicy retrievedConfigurationPolicy =
    partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).ConfigurationPolicies.ById(selectedConfigurationPolicyId).Get();
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetConfigurationPolicy.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                          |
|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/policies/{policy-id} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following path and query parameters when creating the request.

| Name        | Type   | Required | Description                                           |
|-------------|--------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id | string | Yes      | A GUID-formatted string that identifies the customer. |
| policy-id   | string | Yes      | A GUID-formatted string that identifies the policy.   |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/47021739-3426-40bf-9601-61b4b6d7c793/policies/56edf752-ee77-4fd8-b7f5-df1f74a3a9ac HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: e88d014d-ab70-41de-90a0-f7fd1797267d
MS-CorrelationId: de894e18-f027-4ac0-8b5a-34f0c222af0c
X-Locale: en-US
Content-Length: 0
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, the response contains the requested [ConfigurationPolicy](device-deployment-resources.md#configurationpolicy) resource.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 443
MS-CorrelationId: abe150cf-c677-435c-b5d5-b34899a6d1ec
MS-RequestId: ab3abfe7-dce7-46c0-ab20-4fd49bc3e2f7
MS-CV: YrLe3w6BbUSMt1fi.0
MS-ServerId: 030020344
Date: Tue, 25 Jul 2017 18:08:27 GMT

﻿{
    "id": "56edf752-ee77-4fd8-b7f5-df1f74a3a9ac",
    "name": "Test policy",
    "category": "o_o_b_e",
    "description": "Test policy creation from API 1",
    "devicesAssigned": 0,
    "policySettings": ["skip_express_settings"],
    "createdDate": "2017-07-25T11:03:03.8457116-07:00",
    "lastModifiedDate": "2017-07-25T11:04:00.8149974-07:00",
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "ConfigurationPolicy"
    }
}
```
