develop/service-costs-resources.md, before:

---
title: Service costs resources
description: Describes resources related to services purchased by a customer.
ms.assetid: 2916B7F3-06D5-4DC1-A137-CD8270258CDB
ms.date: 06/11/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Service costs resources

Applies to:

- Partner Center

Describes resources related to services purchased by a customer.

## ServiceCostsSummary

**ServiceCostsSummary** contains a summary that aggregates all services purchased by the specified customer during the billing period.

| Property | Type | Description |
| -------- | ---- | ----------- |
| details | array of [ServiceCostsSummaryDetail](#servicecostssummarydetail) objects | The service cost summary detail list, distinguished by invoice type.|
| links | [ResourceLinks](utility-resources.md#resourcelinks) | The resource links. |
| attributes | [ResourceAttributes](utility-resources.md#resourceattributes) | The metadata attributes. |

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **The fields in the following table are being deprecated.** To retrieve recurring and one-time service cost summaries, use the **details** field instead. The **details** field is described in the previous table. Refer to the **details** field's corresponding data values but not the root-level fields.

| Property | Type | Description |
| -------- | ---- | ----------- |
| billingStartDate | date | The start of the billing period. |
| billingEndDate | date | The end of the billing period. |
| pretaxTotal | double | The pre-tax total of all costs for the customer. |
| tax  | double | The total tax incurred over all items purchased by the customer. |
| afterTaxTotal | double | The net total cost for all items purchased by the customer. |
| currencyCode | string | Represents the currency used for the costs. |
| currencySymbol | string | The currency symbol used for the costs. |
| customerId | string | The ID of the customer making the purchase. |

## ServiceCostsSummaryDetail

**ServiceCostsSummaryDetail** describes a service cost summary that aggregates all services purchased by the specified customer during the billing period (from either recurring or one-time invoices).

| Property | Type | Description |
| -------- | ---- | ----------- |
| invoiceType | string | The invoiceType that service cost summary has been generated. |
| summary | [ServiceCostsSummary](#servicecostssummary) | The service cost summary aggregated by a customer under one invoice type. |

## ServiceCostLineItem

**ServiceCostLineItem** describes a single item purchased by the customer.

| Property                 | Type                           | Description                                                          |
|--------------------------|--------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| startDate                | string in UTC date-time format | The start date for the charge.                                       |
| endDate                  | string in UTC date-time format | The end date for the charge.                                         |
| subscriptionFriendlyName | string                         | The friendly name for the subscription.                              |
| subscriptionId           | string                         | The subscription identifier.                                         |
| orderId                  | string                         | The order identifier.                                                |
| offerId                  | string                         | The offer identifier.                                                |
| offerName                | string                         | The offer name.                                                      |
| resellerMPNId            | string                         | Only used in 2-tier partner scenarios. Refers to the MPN identifier. |
| chargeType               | string                         | The associated charge type.                                          |
| quantity                 | number                         | The quantity of units used or purchased.                             |
| unitPrice                | number                         | The price per unit.                                                  |
| pretaxTotal              | number                         | The total charge for this item before taxes.                         |
| tax                      | number                         | The total tax charge incurred for this item.                         |
| afterTaxTotal            | number                         | The net total cost for this item.                                    |
| currencyCode             | string                         | Represents the currency used for the costs.                          |
| currencySymbol           | string                         | The currency symbol used for the costs.                              |
| customerId               | string                         | The ID of the customer making the purchase.                          |
| customerName             | string                         | The name of the customer making the purchase.                        |
| invoiceNumber            | string                         | The invoice number that this line item belongs to.                   |
| productId                | string                         | The product identifier.                                              |
| skuId                    | string                         | The Sku identifier.                                                  |
| availabilityId           | string                         | The availability identifier.                                         |
| productName              | string                         | The product name.                                                    |
| skuName                  | string                         | The sku name.                                                        |
| publisherName            | string                         | The publisher name.                                                  |
| publisherId              | string                         | The publisher identifier.                                            |
| termAndBillingCycle      | string                         | The term and billing cycle.                                          |
| discountDetails          | string                         | The discount details.                                                |

## ServiceCostsSummaryLinks

| Property             | Type                               | Description                         |
|----------------------|------------------------------------|-------------------------------------|
| serviceCostLineItems | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | The URI to retrieve the line items. |
| self                 | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | The self URI.                       |

Commit message:

Line item property details for 1-time purchases

develop/service-costs-resources.md, after:

---
title: Service costs resources
description: Describes resources related to services purchased by a customer.
ms.assetid: 2916B7F3-06D5-4DC1-A137-CD8270258CDB
ms.date: 07/10/2019
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Service costs resources

Applies to:

- Partner Center

Describes resources related to services purchased by a customer.

## ServiceCostsSummary

**ServiceCostsSummary** contains a summary that aggregates all services purchased by the specified customer during the billing period.

| Property | Type | Description |
| -------- | ---- | ----------- |
| details | array of [ServiceCostsSummaryDetail](#servicecostssummarydetail) objects | The service cost summary detail list, distinguished by invoice type.|
| links | [ResourceLinks](utility-resources.md#resourcelinks) | The resource links. |
| attributes | [ResourceAttributes](utility-resources.md#resourceattributes) | The metadata attributes. |

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **The fields in the following table are being deprecated.** To retrieve recurring and one-time service cost summaries, use the **details** field instead. The **details** field is described in the previous table. Refer to the **details** field's corresponding data values but not the root-level fields.

| Property | Type | Description |
| -------- | ---- | ----------- |
| billingStartDate | date | The start of the billing period. |
| billingEndDate | date | The end of the billing period. |
| pretaxTotal | double | The pre-tax total of all costs for the customer. |
| tax  | double | The total tax incurred over all items purchased by the customer. |
| afterTaxTotal | double | The net total cost for all items purchased by the customer. |
| currencyCode | string | Represents the currency used for the costs. |
| currencySymbol | string | The currency symbol used for the costs. |
| customerId | string | The ID of the customer making the purchase. |

## ServiceCostsSummaryDetail

**ServiceCostsSummaryDetail** describes a service cost summary that aggregates all services purchased by the specified customer during the billing period (from either recurring or one-time invoices).

| Property | Type | Description |
| -------- | ---- | ----------- |
| invoiceType | string | The invoiceType that service cost summary has been generated. |
| summary | [ServiceCostsSummary](#servicecostssummary) | The service cost summary aggregated by a customer under one invoice type. |

## ServiceCostLineItem

**ServiceCostLineItem** describes a single item purchased by the customer.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The following properties *only apply to* service cost line items where the product is a *one-time purchase*:
> **productId**, **productName**, **skuId**, **skuName**, **availabilityId**, **publisherId**, **publisherName**, **termAndBillingCycle**, **discountDetails**
> These properties *don't apply to* service line items where the product is a *recurring purchase*, not a one-time purchase. For example, these properties don't apply to subscription-based Azure or license-based Office purchases.

| Property                 | Type                           | Description                                                          |
|--------------------------|--------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| startDate                | string in UTC date-time format | The start date for the charge.                                       |
| endDate                  | string in UTC date-time format | The end date for the charge.                                         |
| subscriptionFriendlyName | string                         | The friendly name for the subscription.                              |
| subscriptionId           | string                         | The subscription identifier.                                         |
| orderId                  | string                         | The order identifier.                                                |
| offerId                  | string                         | The offer identifier.                                                |
| offerName                | string                         | The offer name.                                                      |
| resellerMPNId            | string                         | Only used in 2-tier partner scenarios. Refers to the MPN identifier. |
| chargeType               | string                         | The associated charge type.                                          |
| quantity                 | number                         | The quantity of units used or purchased.                             |
| unitPrice                | number                         | The price per unit.                                                  |
| pretaxTotal              | number                         | The total charge for this item before taxes.                         |
| tax                      | number                         | The total tax charge incurred for this item.                         |
| afterTaxTotal            | number                         | The net total cost for this item.                                    |
| currencyCode             | string                         | Represents the currency used for the costs.                          |
| currencySymbol           | string                         | The currency symbol used for the costs.                              |
| customerId               | string                         | The ID of the customer making the purchase.                          |
| customerName             | string                         | The name of the customer making the purchase.                        |
| invoiceNumber            | string                         | The invoice number that this line item belongs to.                   |
| productId                | string                         | The product identifier.                                              |
| skuId                    | string                         | The Sku identifier.                                                  |
| availabilityId           | string                         | The availability identifier.                                         |
| productName              | string                         | The product name.                                                    |
| skuName                  | string                         | The sku name.                                                        |
| publisherName            | string                         | The publisher name.                                                  |
| publisherId              | string                         | The publisher identifier.                                            |
| termAndBillingCycle      | string                         | The term and billing cycle.                                          |
| discountDetails          | string                         | The discount details.                                                |

## ServiceCostsSummaryLinks

| Property             | Type                               | Description                         |
|----------------------|------------------------------------|-------------------------------------|
| serviceCostLineItems | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | The URI to retrieve the line items. |
| self                 | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | The self URI.                       |
