develop/set-user-roles-for-a-customer.md, before:

---
title: Set user roles for a customer
description: Within a customer account, there's a set of directory roles. You can assign user accounts to those roles.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Set user roles for a customer

**Applies To**

- Partner Center

Within a customer account, there's a set of directory roles. You can assign user accounts to those roles.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

## C\#

To assign a directory role to a customer user, create a new [**UserMember**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.roles.usermember) with the relevant user details. Then, call the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the specified customer ID to identify the customer. From there, use the [**DirectoryRoles.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customerdirectoryroles.idirectoryrolecollection.byid) method with the directory role ID to specify the role. Then, access the **UserMembers** collection, and use the [**Create**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customerdirectoryroles.iusermembercollection.create) method to add the new user member to the collection of user members assigned to that role.

``` csharp
// UserMember createdUser;
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// Customer selectedCustomer;
// IDirectoryRole selectedRole;

// Create the new user member.
UserMember userMemberToAdd = new UserMember()
{
    UserPrincipalName = createdUser.UserPrincipalName,
    DisplayName = createdUser.DisplayName,
    Id = createdUser.Id
};

// Add the new user member to the role.
var userMemberAdded = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomer.Id).DirectoryRoles.ById(selectedRole.Id).UserMembers.Create(userMemberToAdd);
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: AddUserMemberToDirectoryRole.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method   | Request URI                                                                                                                 |
|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **POST** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/directoryroles/{role-ID}/usermembers HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following URI parameters to identify the correct customer and role. To identify the user to whom to assign the role, supply the identifying information in the request body.

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                                                                                                                                            |
|------------------------|----------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id** | **guid** | Y        | The value is a GUID formatted **customer-tenant-id** that allows the reseller to filter the results for a given customer that belongs to the reseller. |
| **role-id**            | **guid** | Y        | The value is a GUID formatted **role-id** that identifies the role to assign to the user.                                                              |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

This table describes the required properties in the request body.

| Name                  | Type       | Required | Description                            |
|-----------------------|------------|----------|----------------------------------------|
| **Id**                | **string** | Y        | The Id of the user to add to the role. |
| **DisplayName**       | **string** | Y        | The friendly display name of the user. |
| **UserPrincipalName** | **string** | Y        | The name of the user principal.        |
| **Attributes**        | **object** | Y        | Contains "ObjectType":"UserMember"     |

### Request example

```http
POST https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04/directoryroles/f023fd81-a637-4b56-95fd-791ac0226033/usermembers HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: a56cb2e5-a156-4f68-9155-57ffe2b93d18
MS-CorrelationId: 90bda268-7929-4ad6-be01-89c5af5fc504
X-Locale: en-US
Content-Type: application/json
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Content-Length: 180
Expect: 100-continue

{
    "Id": "a9ef48bb-8758-4590-a312-d4a47bfaded4",
    "DisplayName": "Daniel Tsai",
    "UserPrincipalName": "Daniel@dtdemocspcustomer005.onmicrosoft.com",
    "Attributes": {
        "ObjectType": "UserMember"
    }
}
```

## REST response

This method returns the user account with the role id attached when the user is successfully assigned the role.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-Length: 231
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 90bda268-7929-4ad6-be01-89c5af5fc504
MS-RequestId: a56cb2e5-a156-4f68-9155-57ffe2b93d18
MS-CV: aia94+gnrEeQqkGr.0
MS-ServerId: 101112202
Date: Tue, 20 Dec 2016 23:36:55 GMT

{
    "displayName": "Daniel Tsai",
    "userPrincipalName": "Daniel@dtdemocspcustomer005.onmicrosoft.com",
    "roleId": "f023fd81-a637-4b56-95fd-791ac0226033",
    "id": "a9ef48bb-8758-4590-a312-d4a47bfaded4",
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "UserMember"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/set-user-roles-for-a-customer.md, after:

---
title: Set user roles for a customer
description: Within a customer account, there's a set of directory roles. You can assign user accounts to those roles.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Set user roles for a customer

**Applies To**

- Partner Center

Within a customer account, there's a set of directory roles. You can assign user accounts to those roles.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

## C\#

To assign a directory role to a customer user, create a new [**UserMember**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.roles.usermember) with the relevant user details. Then, call the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the specified customer ID to identify the customer. From there, use the [**DirectoryRoles.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customerdirectoryroles.idirectoryrolecollection.byid) method with the directory role ID to specify the role. Then, access the **UserMembers** collection, and use the [**Create**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customerdirectoryroles.iusermembercollection.create) method to add the new user member to the collection of user members assigned to that role.

``` csharp
// UserMember createdUser;
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// Customer selectedCustomer;
// IDirectoryRole selectedRole;

// Create the new user member.
UserMember userMemberToAdd = new UserMember()
{
    UserPrincipalName = createdUser.UserPrincipalName,
    DisplayName = createdUser.DisplayName,
    Id = createdUser.Id
};

// Add the new user member to the role.
var userMemberAdded = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomer.Id).DirectoryRoles.ById(selectedRole.Id).UserMembers.Create(userMemberToAdd);
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: AddUserMemberToDirectoryRole.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method   | Request URI                                                                                                                 |
|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **POST** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/directoryroles/{role-ID}/usermembers HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following URI parameters to identify the correct customer and role. To identify the user to whom to assign the role, supply the identifying information in the request body.

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                                                                                                                                            |
|------------------------|----------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id** | **guid** | Y        | The value is a GUID formatted **customer-tenant-id** that allows the reseller to filter the results for a given customer that belongs to the reseller. |
| **role-id**            | **guid** | Y        | The value is a GUID formatted **role-id** that identifies the role to assign to the user.                                                              |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

This table describes the required properties in the request body.

| Name                  | Type       | Required | Description                            |
|-----------------------|------------|----------|----------------------------------------|
| **Id**                | **string** | Y        | The Id of the user to add to the role. |
| **DisplayName**       | **string** | Y        | The friendly display name of the user. |
| **UserPrincipalName** | **string** | Y        | The name of the user principal.        |
| **Attributes**        | **object** | Y        | Contains "ObjectType":"UserMember"     |

### Request example

```http
POST https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04/directoryroles/f023fd81-a637-4b56-95fd-791ac0226033/usermembers HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: a56cb2e5-a156-4f68-9155-57ffe2b93d18
MS-CorrelationId: 90bda268-7929-4ad6-be01-89c5af5fc504
X-Locale: en-US
Content-Type: application/json
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Content-Length: 180
Expect: 100-continue

{
    "Id": "a9ef48bb-8758-4590-a312-d4a47bfaded4",
    "DisplayName": "Daniel Tsai",
    "UserPrincipalName": "Daniel@dtdemocspcustomer005.onmicrosoft.com",
    "Attributes": {
        "ObjectType": "UserMember"
    }
}
```

## REST response

This method returns the user account with the role id attached when the user is successfully assigned the role.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-Length: 231
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 90bda268-7929-4ad6-be01-89c5af5fc504
MS-RequestId: a56cb2e5-a156-4f68-9155-57ffe2b93d18
MS-CV: aia94+gnrEeQqkGr.0
MS-ServerId: 101112202
Date: Tue, 20 Dec 2016 23:36:55 GMT

{
    "displayName": "Daniel Tsai",
    "userPrincipalName": "Daniel@dtdemocspcustomer005.onmicrosoft.com",
    "roleId": "f023fd81-a637-4b56-95fd-791ac0226033",
    "id": "a9ef48bb-8758-4590-a312-d4a47bfaded4",
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "UserMember"
    }
}
```
