develop/subscription-resources.md, before:

---
title: Subscription resources
description: A subscription lets a customer use a service for a certain period of time.
ms.assetid: E99B5EC3-2247-4CAD-B651-3000E36AF6B6
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Subscription resources


**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

A subscription lets a customer use a service for a certain period of
time. Not all fields will apply to all subscriptions, and many only
apply at certain points in the life cycle, such as if a subscription is
suspended or cancelled.

>[!NOTE]
>The Subscription resource has a rate limit of 500 requests per minute per tenant identifier.



## <span id="Subscription"/><span id="subscription"/><span id="SUBSCRIPTION"/>Subscription


Represents the life cycle of a subscription and includes properties that define the states throughout the subscription life cycle.

| Property             | Type                                                          | Description                                                                                                                                                                   |
|----------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| id                   | string                                                        | The subscription identifier.                                                                                                                                                  |
| offerId              | string                                                        | The offer identifier.                                                                                                                                                         |
| entitlementId        | string                                                        | The entitlement identifier (an Azure subscription ID).                                                                                                                        |
| offerName            | string                                                        | The offer name.                                                                                                                                                               |
| friendlyName         | string                                                        | The friendly name for the subscription defined by the partner to help disambiguate.                                                                                           |
| quantity             | number                                                        | Read-only. The quantity. For example, in case of license-based billing, this property is set to the license count.                                                            |
| unitType             | string                                                        | The units defining quantity for the subscription.                                                                                                                             |
| parentSubscriptionId | string                                                        | Gets or sets the parent subscription identifier.                                                                                                                              |
| creationDate         | string                                                        | Gets or sets the creation date, in date-time format.                                                                                                                          |
| effectiveStartDate   | string in UTC date time format                                | Gets or sets the effective start date for this subscription, in date-time format. It is used to back date a migrated subscription or to align it with another.                |
| commitmentEndDate    | string in UTC date time format                                | The commitment end date for this subscription, in date-time format. For subscriptions which are not auto-renewable, this represents a date far, far away in the future.       |
| status               | string                                                        | The subscription status: "none", "active", "pending", "suspended", or "deleted".                                                                                                         |
| autoRenewEnabled     | boolean                                                       | Gets a value indicating whether the subscription is renewed automatically.                                                                                                    |
| billingType          | string                                                        | Specifies how the subscription is billed: "none", "usage", or "license".                                                                                                      |
| billingCycle         | string                                                        | Indicates the frequency with which the partner is billed for this order. Supported values are the member names found in [**BillingCycleType**](product-resources.md#billingcycletype). |
| hasPurchasableAddons | boolean                                                       | Gets or sets a value indicating whether the subscription has purchasable add-ons.                                                                                             |
| isTrial              | boolean                                                       | A value indicating whether this is a trial subscription.                                                                                                                      |
| isMicrosoftProduct   | boolean                                                       | A value indicating whether this is a Microsoft product.                                                                                                                       |
| publisherName        | string                                                        | The publisher name.                                                                                                                                                           |
| actions              | array of strings                                              | Gets or sets the actions that are allowed. Possible values: "edit", "cancel"                                                                                                  |
| partnerId            | string                                                        | The MPN ID of the reseller of record, used in the indirect partner model.                                                                                                     |
| suspensionReasons    | array of strings                                              | Read-only. If the subscription was suspended, indicates why.                                                                                                                  |
| contractType         | string                                                        | Read-only. The type of contract: "subscription", "productKey", or "redemptionCode".                                                                                           |
| refundOptions        | array of [RefundOption](product-resources.md#refundoption) resources | Read-Only. The set of erfund options available under a cancellation policy.                                                                                              |
| links                | [SubscriptionLinks](#subscriptionlinks)                       | Gets or sets the subscription links.                                                                                                                                          |
| orderId              | string                                                        | The ID of the order that was placed to begin the subscription.                                                                                                                |
| termDuration         | string                                                        | An ISO 8601 representation of the term's duration. The current supported values are P1M (1 month), P1Y (1 year) and P3Y (3 years).                                                        |
| attributes           | [ResourceAttributes](utility-resources.md#resourceattributes) | The metadata attributes corresponding to the subscription.                                                                                                                    |

 

## <span id="SubscriptionLinks"/><span id="subscriptionlinks"/><span id="SUBSCRIPTIONLINKS"/>SubscriptionLinks


Describes the collection of links attached to a subscription resource.

| Property           | Type                               | Description                           |
|--------------------|------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| offer              | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | Gets or sets the offer.               |
| parentSubscription | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | Gets or sets the parent subscription. |
| product            | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | Gets the product associated with the subscription. |
| sku                | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | Gets the product sku associated with the subscription. |
| availability       | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | Gets the product sku availability associated with the subscription. |
| activationLinks    | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | Gets the list of activation links associated with the subscription. |
| self               | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | The self URI.                         |
| next               | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | The next page of items.               |
| previous           | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | The previous page of items.           |
| 

 

## <span id="SubscriptionProvisioningStatus"/><span id="subscriptionprovisioningstatus"/><span id="SUBSCRIPTIONPROVISIONINGSTATUS"/>SubscriptionProvisioningStatus


Provides information about the provisioning status of a subscription.

| Property   | Type                                                           | Description                                                          |
|------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| skuId      | string                                                         | A GUID formatted string that identifies the product SKU.             |
| status     | string                                                         | Indicates the provisioning status: "success", "pending" or "failed". |
| quantity   | number                                                         | Provides the subscription quantity after provisioning.               |
| endDate    | string in UTC date time format                                 | The end date of the subscription.                                    |
| attributes | [ResourceAttributes](utility-resources.md#resourceattributes)  | The metadata attributes.                                             |

 

## <span id="SubscriptionRegistrationStatus"/><span id="subscriptionregistrationstatus"/><span id="SUBSCRIPTIONREGISTRATIONSTATUS"/>SubscriptionRegistrationStatus


Describes the collection of links attached to a subscription resource.

| Property           | Type                               | Description                                                                           |
|--------------------|------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| subscriptionId     | string                             | The subscription identifier.                                                          |
| status             | string                             | Indicates the registration status: "registered", "registering" or "notregistered".    |



## <span id="SupportContact"/><span id="supportcontact"/><span id="SUPPORTCONTACT"/>SupportContact


Represents a support contact for a customer's subscription.

| Property        | Type                                                           | Description                                                                     |
|-----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| supportTenantId | string                                                         | A GUID formatted string that indicates the support contact's tenant identifier. |
| supportMpnId    | string                                                         | The contact's Microsoft Partner Network (MPN) identifier.                       |
| name            | string                                                         | The name of the support contact.                                                |
| links           | [ResourceLinks](utility-resources.md#resourcelinks)            | The support contact related links.                                              |
| attributes      | [ResourceAttributes](utility-resources.md#resourceattributes)  | The metadata attributes. Contains "objectType": " SupportContact".              |



## <span id="RegisterSubscription"/><span id="registersubscription"/><span id="REGISTERSUBSCRIPTION"/>RegisterSubscription


Returns a link that can be used to query the registration status of a subscription. The registration status is returned in the response body of a successfully accepted request to register an Azure subscription.

| Property                | Type                               | Description                                                                           |
|-------------------------|------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| httpResponseMessage     | object                             | Returns HTTP Status Code 202 "Accepted", with a Location header containing a link to query the registration status. Example, "/customers/{customer-id}/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/registrationstatus" |

Commit message:

Remove cancellation policies from our public Catalog contracts (we do not want to commit to these properties at the Catalog layer at this time).
Fix documentation for the refund option property on the subscription resource.

develop/subscription-resources.md, after:

---
title: Subscription resources
description: A subscription lets a customer use a service for a certain period of time.
ms.assetid: E99B5EC3-2247-4CAD-B651-3000E36AF6B6
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Subscription resources


**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

A subscription lets a customer use a service for a certain period of
time. Not all fields will apply to all subscriptions, and many only
apply at certain points in the life cycle, such as if a subscription is
suspended or cancelled.

>[!NOTE]
>The Subscription resource has a rate limit of 500 requests per minute per tenant identifier.



## <span id="Subscription"/><span id="subscription"/><span id="SUBSCRIPTION"/>Subscription


Represents the life cycle of a subscription and includes properties that define the states throughout the subscription life cycle.

| Property             | Type                                                          | Description                                                                                                                                                                   |
|----------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| id                   | string                                                        | The subscription identifier.                                                                                                                                                  |
| offerId              | string                                                        | The offer identifier.                                                                                                                                                         |
| entitlementId        | string                                                        | The entitlement identifier (an Azure subscription ID).                                                                                                                        |
| offerName            | string                                                        | The offer name.                                                                                                                                                               |
| friendlyName         | string                                                        | The friendly name for the subscription defined by the partner to help disambiguate.                                                                                           |
| quantity             | number                                                        | Read-only. The quantity. For example, in case of license-based billing, this property is set to the license count.                                                            |
| unitType             | string                                                        | The units defining quantity for the subscription.                                                                                                                             |
| parentSubscriptionId | string                                                        | Gets or sets the parent subscription identifier.                                                                                                                              |
| creationDate         | string                                                        | Gets or sets the creation date, in date-time format.                                                                                                                          |
| effectiveStartDate   | string in UTC date time format                                | Gets or sets the effective start date for this subscription, in date-time format. It is used to back date a migrated subscription or to align it with another.                |
| commitmentEndDate    | string in UTC date time format                                | The commitment end date for this subscription, in date-time format. For subscriptions which are not auto-renewable, this represents a date far, far away in the future.       |
| status               | string                                                        | The subscription status: "none", "active", "pending", "suspended", or "deleted".                                                                                                         |
| autoRenewEnabled     | boolean                                                       | Gets a value indicating whether the subscription is renewed automatically.                                                                                                    |
| billingType          | string                                                        | Specifies how the subscription is billed: "none", "usage", or "license".                                                                                                      |
| billingCycle         | string                                                        | Indicates the frequency with which the partner is billed for this order. Supported values are the member names found in [**BillingCycleType**](product-resources.md#billingcycletype). |
| hasPurchasableAddons | boolean                                                       | Gets or sets a value indicating whether the subscription has purchasable add-ons.                                                                                             |
| isTrial              | boolean                                                       | A value indicating whether this is a trial subscription.                                                                                                                      |
| isMicrosoftProduct   | boolean                                                       | A value indicating whether this is a Microsoft product.                                                                                                                       |
| publisherName        | string                                                        | The publisher name.                                                                                                                                                           |
| actions              | array of strings                                              | Gets or sets the actions that are allowed. Possible values: "edit", "cancel"                                                                                                  |
| partnerId            | string                                                        | The MPN ID of the reseller of record, used in the indirect partner model.                                                                                                     |
| suspensionReasons    | array of strings                                              | Read-only. If the subscription was suspended, indicates why.                                                                                                                  |
| contractType         | string                                                        | Read-only. The type of contract: "subscription", "productKey", or "redemptionCode".                                                                                           |
| refundOptions        | array of [RefundOption](#refundoption) resources			   | Read-Only. The set of refund options available for this subscription.                                                                                              |
| links                | [SubscriptionLinks](#subscriptionlinks)                       | Gets or sets the subscription links.                                                                                                                                          |
| orderId              | string                                                        | The ID of the order that was placed to begin the subscription.                                                                                                                |
| termDuration         | string                                                        | An ISO 8601 representation of the term's duration. The current supported values are P1M (1 month), P1Y (1 year) and P3Y (3 years).                                                        |
| attributes           | [ResourceAttributes](utility-resources.md#resourceattributes) | The metadata attributes corresponding to the subscription.                                                                                                                    |

 

## <span id="SubscriptionLinks"/><span id="subscriptionlinks"/><span id="SUBSCRIPTIONLINKS"/>SubscriptionLinks


Describes the collection of links attached to a subscription resource.

| Property           | Type                               | Description                           |
|--------------------|------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| offer              | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | Gets or sets the offer.               |
| parentSubscription | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | Gets or sets the parent subscription. |
| product            | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | Gets the product associated with the subscription. |
| sku                | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | Gets the product sku associated with the subscription. |
| availability       | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | Gets the product sku availability associated with the subscription. |
| activationLinks    | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | Gets the list of activation links associated with the subscription. |
| self               | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | The self URI.                         |
| next               | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | The next page of items.               |
| previous           | [Link](utility-resources.md#link) | The previous page of items.           |
| 

 

## <span id="SubscriptionProvisioningStatus"/><span id="subscriptionprovisioningstatus"/><span id="SUBSCRIPTIONPROVISIONINGSTATUS"/>SubscriptionProvisioningStatus


Provides information about the provisioning status of a subscription.

| Property   | Type                                                           | Description                                                          |
|------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| skuId      | string                                                         | A GUID formatted string that identifies the product SKU.             |
| status     | string                                                         | Indicates the provisioning status: "success", "pending" or "failed". |
| quantity   | number                                                         | Provides the subscription quantity after provisioning.               |
| endDate    | string in UTC date time format                                 | The end date of the subscription.                                    |
| attributes | [ResourceAttributes](utility-resources.md#resourceattributes)  | The metadata attributes.                                             |

 

## <span id="SubscriptionRegistrationStatus"/><span id="subscriptionregistrationstatus"/><span id="SUBSCRIPTIONREGISTRATIONSTATUS"/>SubscriptionRegistrationStatus


Describes the collection of links attached to a subscription resource.

| Property           | Type                               | Description                                                                           |
|--------------------|------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| subscriptionId     | string                             | The subscription identifier.                                                          |
| status             | string                             | Indicates the registration status: "registered", "registering" or "notregistered".    |



## <span id="SupportContact"/><span id="supportcontact"/><span id="SUPPORTCONTACT"/>SupportContact


Represents a support contact for a customer's subscription.

| Property        | Type                                                           | Description                                                                     |
|-----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| supportTenantId | string                                                         | A GUID formatted string that indicates the support contact's tenant identifier. |
| supportMpnId    | string                                                         | The contact's Microsoft Partner Network (MPN) identifier.                       |
| name            | string                                                         | The name of the support contact.                                                |
| links           | [ResourceLinks](utility-resources.md#resourcelinks)            | The support contact related links.                                              |
| attributes      | [ResourceAttributes](utility-resources.md#resourceattributes)  | The metadata attributes. Contains "objectType": " SupportContact".              |



## <span id="RegisterSubscription"/><span id="registersubscription"/><span id="REGISTERSUBSCRIPTION"/>RegisterSubscription


Returns a link that can be used to query the registration status of a subscription. The registration status is returned in the response body of a successfully accepted request to register an Azure subscription.

| Property                | Type                               | Description                                                                           |
|-------------------------|------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| httpResponseMessage     | object                             | Returns HTTP Status Code 202 "Accepted", with a Location header containing a link to query the registration status. Example, "/customers/{customer-id}/subscriptions/{subscription-id}/registrationstatus" |



## <span id="RefundOption"/><span id="refundoption"/><span id="REFUNDOPTION"/>RefundOption

Represents a possible refund option for the subscription. 

| Property          | Type	 | Description                                                                         |
|-------------------|--------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| type				| string | The type of refund. The supported values are "Partial" and "Full"		|
| expiresAfter      | string in UTC date time format | The timestamp when this option expires. If null it means it has no expiration.	|
