develop/suspend-a-subscription.md, before:

---
title: Suspend a subscription
description: Suspends a Subscription resource that matches the customer and subscription ID due to fraud or non-payment.In the Partner Center dashboard, this operation can be performed by first selecting a customer.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Suspend a subscription

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Suspends a [Subscription](subscription-resources.md) resource that matches the customer and subscription ID due to fraud or non-payment.

In the Partner Center dashboard, this operation can be performed by first [selecting a customer](get-a-customer-by-name.md). Then, select the subscription in question that you wish to rename. To finish, choose the **Suspended** button, then select **Submit.**

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- A subscription ID.

## C\#

To suspend a customer's subscription, first [Get the subscription](get-a-subscription-by-id.md), then change the subscription's [**Status**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.subscriptions.subscription.status) property. For information on **Status** codes, consult [SubscriptionStatus enumeration](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.subscriptions.subscriptionstatus). Once the change is made, use your **IAggregatePartner.Customers** collection and call the **ById()** method. Then call the [**Subscriptions**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.subscriptions) property, followed by the [**ById()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscriptioncollection.byid) method. Then, finish by calling the **Patch()** method.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// var selectedCustomerId as string;
// Subscription selectedSubscription;

updatedSubscription = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Subscriptions.ById(selectedSubscription.Id).Patch(
   new Subscription()
   {
      Status = SubscriptionStatus.Suspended
   });
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: PartnerSDK.FeatureSample **Class**: UpdateSubscription.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method    | Request URI                                                                                                                |
|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **PATCH** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/subscriptions/{id-for-subscription} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

This table lists the required query parameter to suspend the subscription.

| Name                    | Type     | Required | Description                               |
|-------------------------|----------|----------|-------------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id**  | **guid** | Y        | A GUID corresponding to the customer.     |
| **id-for-subscription** | **guid** | Y        | A GUID corresponding to the subscription. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

A full **Subscription** resource is required in the request body. Ensure that the **Status** property has been updated.

### Request example

```http
PATCH https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/<customer-tenant-id>/subscriptions/<id-for-subscription> HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: ca7c39f7-1a80-43bc-90d8-ee7d1cad3831
MS-CorrelationId: ec8f62e5-1d92-47e9-8d5d-1924af105f2c
If-Match: <etag>
Content-Type: application/json
Content-Length: 1029
Expect: 100-continue
Connection: Keep-Alive

{
    "Id": "83ef9d05-4169-4ef9-9657-0e86b1eab1de",
    "FriendlyName": "nickname",
    "Quantity": 2,
    "UnitType": "none",
    "ParentSubscriptionId": null,
    "CreationDate": "2015-11-25T06:41:12Z",
    "EffectiveStartDate": "2015-11-24T08:00:00Z",
    "CommitmentEndDate": "2016-12-12T08:00:00Z",
    "Status": "suspended",
    "AutoRenewEnabled": false,
    "BillingType": "none",
    "PartnerId": null,
    "ContractType": "subscription",
    "OrderId": "6183db3d-6318-4e52-877e-25806e4971be",
    "Attributes": {
        "Etag": "<etag>",
        "ObjectType": "Subscription"
    }
}
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns updated [Subscription](subscription-resources.md) resource properties in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
PATCH https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/<customer-tenant-id>/subscriptions/<subscriptionID> HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-Contract-Version: v1
MS-RequestId: ca7c39f7-1a80-43bc-90d8-ee7d1cad3831
MS-CorrelationId: ec8f62e5-1d92-47e9-8d5d-1924af105f2c
Content-Type: application/json
Content-Length: 1029
Expect: 100-continue
Connection: Keep-Alive

{
    "Id": "83ef9d05-4169-4ef9-9657-0e86b1eab1de",
    "FriendlyName": "nickname",
    "Quantity": 2,
    "UnitType": "none",
    "ParentSubscriptionId": null,
    "CreationDate": "2015-11-25T06:41:12Z",
    "EffectiveStartDate": "2015-11-24T08:00:00Z",
    "CommitmentEndDate": "2016-12-12T08:00:00Z",
    "Status": "suspended",
    "AutoRenewEnabled": false,
    "BillingType": "none",
    "PartnerId": null,
    "ContractType": "subscription",
    "Links": {
        "Offer": {
            "Uri": "/v1/offers/0CCA44D6-68E9-4762-94EE-31ECE98783B9",
            "Method": "GET",
            "Headers": []
        },
        "Entitlement": {
            "Uri": "/entitlements?key=<key>",
            "Method": "GET",
            "Headers": []
        },
        "Self": {
            "Uri": "/subscriptions?key=<key>",
            "Method": "GET",
            "Headers": []
        }
    },
    "OrderId": "6183db3d-6318-4e52-877e-25806e4971be",
    "Attributes": {
        "Etag": "<etag>",
        "ObjectType": "Subscription"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/suspend-a-subscription.md, after:

---
title: Suspend a subscription
description: Suspends a Subscription resource that matches the customer and subscription ID due to fraud or non-payment.In the Partner Center dashboard, this operation can be performed by first selecting a customer.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Suspend a subscription

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center operated by 21Vianet
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Suspends a [Subscription](subscription-resources.md) resource that matches the customer and subscription ID due to fraud or non-payment.

In the Partner Center dashboard, this operation can be performed by first [selecting a customer](get-a-customer-by-name.md). Then, select the subscription in question that you wish to rename. To finish, choose the **Suspended** button, then select **Submit.**

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- A subscription ID.

## C\#

To suspend a customer's subscription, first [Get the subscription](get-a-subscription-by-id.md), then change the subscription's [**Status**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.subscriptions.subscription.status) property. For information on **Status** codes, consult [SubscriptionStatus enumeration/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.subscriptions.subscriptionstatus). Once the change is made, use your **IAggregatePartner.Customers** collection and call the **ById()** method. Then call the [**Subscriptions**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.subscriptions) property, followed by the [**ById()**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.subscriptions.isubscriptioncollection.byid) method. Then, finish by calling the **Patch()** method.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// var selectedCustomerId as string;
// Subscription selectedSubscription;

updatedSubscription = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Subscriptions.ById(selectedSubscription.Id).Patch(
   new Subscription()
   {
      Status = SubscriptionStatus.Suspended
   });
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: PartnerSDK.FeatureSample **Class**: UpdateSubscription.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method    | Request URI                                                                                                                |
|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **PATCH** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/subscriptions/{id-for-subscription} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

This table lists the required query parameter to suspend the subscription.

| Name                    | Type     | Required | Description                               |
|-------------------------|----------|----------|-------------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id**  | **guid** | Y        | A GUID corresponding to the customer.     |
| **id-for-subscription** | **guid** | Y        | A GUID corresponding to the subscription. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

A full **Subscription** resource is required in the request body. Ensure that the **Status** property has been updated.

### Request example

```http
PATCH https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/<customer-tenant-id>/subscriptions/<id-for-subscription> HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: ca7c39f7-1a80-43bc-90d8-ee7d1cad3831
MS-CorrelationId: ec8f62e5-1d92-47e9-8d5d-1924af105f2c
If-Match: <etag>
Content-Type: application/json
Content-Length: 1029
Expect: 100-continue
Connection: Keep-Alive

{
    "Id": "83ef9d05-4169-4ef9-9657-0e86b1eab1de",
    "FriendlyName": "nickname",
    "Quantity": 2,
    "UnitType": "none",
    "ParentSubscriptionId": null,
    "CreationDate": "2015-11-25T06:41:12Z",
    "EffectiveStartDate": "2015-11-24T08:00:00Z",
    "CommitmentEndDate": "2016-12-12T08:00:00Z",
    "Status": "suspended",
    "AutoRenewEnabled": false,
    "BillingType": "none",
    "PartnerId": null,
    "ContractType": "subscription",
    "OrderId": "6183db3d-6318-4e52-877e-25806e4971be",
    "Attributes": {
        "Etag": "<etag>",
        "ObjectType": "Subscription"
    }
}
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns updated [Subscription](subscription-resources.md) resource properties in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
PATCH https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/<customer-tenant-id>/subscriptions/<subscriptionID> HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-Contract-Version: v1
MS-RequestId: ca7c39f7-1a80-43bc-90d8-ee7d1cad3831
MS-CorrelationId: ec8f62e5-1d92-47e9-8d5d-1924af105f2c
Content-Type: application/json
Content-Length: 1029
Expect: 100-continue
Connection: Keep-Alive

{
    "Id": "83ef9d05-4169-4ef9-9657-0e86b1eab1de",
    "FriendlyName": "nickname",
    "Quantity": 2,
    "UnitType": "none",
    "ParentSubscriptionId": null,
    "CreationDate": "2015-11-25T06:41:12Z",
    "EffectiveStartDate": "2015-11-24T08:00:00Z",
    "CommitmentEndDate": "2016-12-12T08:00:00Z",
    "Status": "suspended",
    "AutoRenewEnabled": false,
    "BillingType": "none",
    "PartnerId": null,
    "ContractType": "subscription",
    "Links": {
        "Offer": {
            "Uri": "/v1/offers/0CCA44D6-68E9-4762-94EE-31ECE98783B9",
            "Method": "GET",
            "Headers": []
        },
        "Entitlement": {
            "Uri": "/entitlements?key=<key>",
            "Method": "GET",
            "Headers": []
        },
        "Self": {
            "Uri": "/subscriptions?key=<key>",
            "Method": "GET",
            "Headers": []
        }
    },
    "OrderId": "6183db3d-6318-4e52-877e-25806e4971be",
    "Attributes": {
        "Etag": "<etag>",
        "ObjectType": "Subscription"
    }
}
```
