develop/TOC.md, before:

# [Partner Center developer resources](index.md)
## [Get started](get-started.md)
### [Developing for Partner Center for Microsoft National Cloud](developing-for-partner-center-for-microsoft-national-cloud.md)
#### [Register app details for Partner Center](create-apps-for-partner-center-for-microsoft-national-clouds.md)
### [Partner Center samples](partner-center-samples.md)
#### [CSP customer web storefront](csp-customer-web-storefront.md)
#### [CSP Customer Storefront Builder Quick Start Guide](csp-customer-storefront-builder-quick-start-guide-.md)
#### [Console test app](console-test-app.md)
### [Set up API access in Partner Center](set-up-api-access-in-partner-center.md)
### [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md)
### [Enable secure application model](enable-secure-app-model.md)
### [Test and debug](test-and-debug.md) 
### [Early Adopter Program](early-adopter-program.md) 
### [Partner Center SDK EULA](EULA-Partner-Center-SDK.md)
## [Scenarios](scenarios.md)
### [Analytics](usage-analytics.md)
#### [Partner Center Analytics - Resources](partner-center-analytics-resources.md)
#### [Get all Azure usage analytics information](get-all-azure-usage-analytics.md)
#### [Get all indirect resellers analytics information](get-all-indirect-resellers-analytics.md)
#### [Get all referrals analytics information](get-all-referrals-analytics.md)
#### [Get all search analytics information](get-all-search-analytics.md)
#### [Get all subscription analytics information](get-all-subscription-analytics.md)  
#### [Get subscription analytics information filtered by a search query](get-subscription-analytics-by-search-query.md)  
#### [Get subscription analytics information grouped by dates or terms](get-subscription-analytics-grouped-by-dates-or-terms.md)  
#### [Get licenses deployment information](get-licenses-deployment-information.md)
#### [Get licenses usage information](get-licenses-usage-information.md)
#### [Get customer licenses deployment information](get-customer-licenses-deployment-information.md)
#### [Get customer licenses usage information](get-customer-licenses-usage-information.md)
#### [Get partner licenses deployment information](get-partner-licenses-deployment-information.md)
#### [Get partner licenses usage information](get-partner-licenses-usage-information.md)
### [Audit operations](audit.md)
#### [Get a record of Partner Center activity](get-a-record-of-partner-center-activity-by-user.md)
### [Device deployment](device-deployment.md)
#### [Create a new configuration policy for the specified customer](create-a-new-configuration-policy-for-the-specified-customer.md)
#### [Delete a configuration policy for the specified customer](delete-a-configuration-policy-for-the-specified-customer.md)
#### [Get a list of a customer's policies](get-a-list-of-a-customer-s-policies.md)
#### [Retrieve a customer's configuration policy](retrieve-a-customer-s-configuration-policy.md)
#### [Update a configuration policy for the specified customer](update-a-configuration-policy-for-the-specified-customer.md)
#### [Get the status of a device batch upload](get-the-status-of-a-device-batch-upload.md)
#### [Get a list of device batches for the specified customer](get-the-list-of-device-batches-for-the-specified-customer.md)
#### [Get a list of devices for the specified batch and customer](get-a-list-of-devices-for-the-specified-batch-and-customer.md)
#### [Upload a list of devices to create a new batch for the specified customer](upload-a-list-of-devices-to-create-a-new-batch-for-the-specified-customer.md)
#### [Upload a list of devices to an existing batch for the specified customer](upload-a-list-of-devices-for-the-specified-customer.md)
#### [Update a list of devices with a policy](update-a-list-of-devices-with-a-policy.md)
#### [Delete a device for the specified customer](delete-a-device-for-the-specified-customer.md)
### [Manage accounts and profiles](manage-profiles-and-information.md)
#### [Get a customer's subscriptions by partner MPN ID](get-all-subscriptions-by-partner.md)
#### [Get an organization profile](get-an-organization-profile.md)
#### [Get customers of an indirect reseller](get-customers-of-an-indirect-reseller.md)
#### [Get indirect resellers of a customer](get-indirect-resellers-of-a-customer.md)
#### [Get Microsoft Partner Network profile](get-partner-network-profile.md)
#### [Get partner billing profile](get-partner-billing-profile.md)
#### [Verify a partner MPN ID](get-partner-by-mpn-id.md)
#### [Get support profile](get-support-profile.md)
#### [Get the partner legal business profile](get-legal-business-profile.md)
#### [Retrieve a list of indirect resellers](retrieve-a-list-of-indirect-resellers.md)
#### [Update an organization profile](update-an-organization-profile.md)
#### [Update the partner billing profile](update-partner-billing-profile.md)
#### [Update support profile](update-support-profile.md)
#### [Update the partner legal business profile](update-legal-business-profile.md)
### [Manage billing](manage-billing.md)
#### [Change the billing cycle](change-the-billing-cycle.md)
#### [Get a customer's service costs summary](get-a-customer-s-service-costs-summary.md)
#### [Get a customer's service costs line items](get-a-customer-s-service-costs-line-items.md)
#### [Get a collection of invoices](get-a-collection-of-invoices.md)
#### [Get a customer's utilization records for Azure](get-a-customer-s-utilization-record-for-azure.md)
#### [Get an invoice by ID](get-invoice-by-id.md)
#### [Get invoice billed consumption line items](get-invoice-billed-consumption-lineitems.md)
#### [Get invoice estimate links](get-invoice-estimate-links.md)
#### [Get invoice line items](get-invoiceline-items.md)
#### [Get invoice receipt statement](get-invoice-receipt-statement.md)
#### [Get invoice statement](get-invoice-statement.md)
#### [Get invoice summaries](get-invoice-summaries.md)
#### [Get invoice unbilled consumption line items](get-invoice-unbilled-consumption-lineitems.md)
#### [Get invoice unbilled recon line items](get-invoice-unbilled-recon-lineitems.md)
#### [Get prices for Microsoft Azure](get-prices-for-microsoft-azure.md)
#### [Get prices for Microsoft Azure Partner Shared Services](get-prices-for-microsoft-azure-partner-shared-services.md)
#### [Get the partner's current account balance](get-the-reseller-s-current-account-balance.md)
### [Azure spending](azure-spending.md)
#### [Get partner usage summary](get-a-partner-usage-summary.md)
#### [Get all customer usage records for a partner](get-a-customer-s-usage-records.md)
#### [Get customer usage summary](get-a-customer-usage-summary.md)
#### [Get all subscription usage records for a customer](get-a-customer-subscription-s-usage-records.md)
#### [Get subscription usage summary](get-a-customer-subscription-usage-summary.md)
#### [Get all monthly usage records for a subscription](get-all-monthly-usage-records-for-a-subscription.md)
#### [Get usage data for subscription by resource](get-a-customer-subscription-resource-usage-records.md)
#### [Get usage data for subscription by meter](get-a-customer-subscription-meter-usage-records.md)
#### [Get meter usage record resources](meter-usage-resources.md)
#### [Get resource usage record resources](resource-usage-resources.md)
#### [Get customer usage budget](get-a-customer-s-usage-spending-budget.md)
#### [Update customer usage budget](update-a-customer-s-usage-spending-budget.md)
### [Manage customer accounts](manage-customers.md) 
#### [Add a verified domain for a customer](add-a-verified-domain-for-a-customer.md) 
#### [Assign licenses to a user](assign-licenses-to-a-user.md)
#### [Confirm customer acceptance of Microsoft Cloud Agreement](confirm-customer-consent.md)
#### [Get agreement metadata for Microsoft Cloud Agreement](get-agreement-metadata.md)
#### [Get agreement metadata for the Microsoft Customer Agreement](get-customer-agreement-metadata.md)
#### [Get confirmation of customer acceptance of Microsoft Cloud Agreement](get-confirmation-of-customer-consent.md)
#### [Download Microsoft Customer Agreement template](download-customer-agreement-template.md)
#### [Get confirmation of customer acceptance of Microsoft Customer Agreement](get-confirmation-of-customer-agreement.md)
#### [Confirm customer acceptance of Microsoft Customer Agreement](confirm-customer-consent-customer-agreement.md)
#### [Get licenses assigned to a user](check-which-licenses-are-assigned-to-a-user.md)
#### [Get licenses assigned to a user by license group](get-licenses-assigned-to-a-user-by-license-group.md)
#### [Create a customer](create-a-customer.md)
#### [Create a customer for an indirect reseller](create-a-customer-for-an-indirect-reseller.md)
#### [Create user accounts for a customer](create-user-accounts-for-a-customer.md)
#### [Delete a user account for a customer](delete-user-accounts-for-a-customer.md)
#### [Get a collection of entitlements](get-a-collection-of-entitlements.md) 
#### [Get a customer by ID](get-a-customer-by-id.md)
#### [Get a customer's billing profile](get-all-of-a-customer-s-billing-profiles.md)
#### [Get a customer's company profile](get-a-customer-s-company-profile.md)
#### [Get a customer's qualification](get-a-customer-s-qualification.md)
#### [Get all of a customer's orders](get-all-of-a-customer-s-orders.md)
#### [Get a customer's subscriptions](get-all-of-a-customer-s-subscriptions.md)
#### [Get a list of all user accounts for a customer](get-a-list-of-all-user-accounts-for-a-customer.md)
#### [Get a list of available licenses](get-a-list-of-available-licenses.md)
#### [Get a list of available licenses by license group](get-a-list-of-available-licenses-by-license-group.md)
#### [Get a list of customers](get-a-list-of-customers.md)
#### [Get a list of customers filtered by a search field](get-a-customer-by-name.md) 
#### [Get a list of orders by customer and billing cycle type](get-a-list-of-orders-by-customer-and-billing-cycle-type.md) 
#### [Get a partner's validation codes](get-a-partner-s-validation-codes.md)
#### [Get a user account by ID](get-a-user-account-by-id.md)
#### [Get user roles for a customer](get-user-roles-for-a-customer.md)
#### [Remove a customer user from a role](remove-customer-user-from-a-role.md)
#### [Remove a reseller relationship with a customer](remove-a-reseller-relationship-with-a-customer.md)
#### [Retrieve a relationship request URL](request-reseller-relationship.md)
#### [Reset user password for a customer](reset-user-password-for-a-customer.md)
#### [Restore a deleted user for a customer](restore-a-user-for-a-customer.md)
#### [Set user roles for a customer](set-user-roles-for-a-customer.md)
#### [Update a customer's billing profile](update-a-customer-s-billing-profile.md)
#### [Update a customer's qualification](update-a-customer-s-qualification.md)
#### [Update the nickname for a subscription](update-the-nickname-for-a-subscription.md)
#### [Update user accounts for a customer](update-user-accounts-for-a-customer.md)
#### [View deleted users for a customer](view-a-deleted-user.md)
### [Manage orders](manage-orders.md)
#### [Create a subscription for commercial marketplace products](create-subscription-azure-marketplace-products.md)
#### [Activate a sandbox subscription for commercial marketplace products](activate-sandbox-subscription-azure-marketplace-products.md)
#### [Cancel a commercial marketplace subscription](cancel-an-azure-marketplace-subscription.md)
#### [Cancel an order from the integration sandbox](cancel-an-order-from-the-integration-sandbox.md)
#### [Change the quantity of a subscription](change-the-quantity-of-a-subscription.md)
#### [Convert a trial subscription to paid](convert-a-trial-subscription-to-paid.md)
#### [Check Inventory](check-inventory.md) 
#### [Checkout a cart](checkout-a-cart.md) 
#### [Create a cart](create-a-cart.md)
#### [Create a cart with add-ons](create-a-cart-with-add-ons.md)
#### [Create an order](create-an-order.md)
#### [Create an order for a customer of an indirect reseller](create-an-order-for-a-customer-of-an-indirect-reseller.md)
#### [Get a list of add-ons for a subscription](get-a-list-of-add-ons-for-a-subscription.md) 
#### [Get a list of availabilities for a SKU (by country)](get-a-list-of-availabilities-for-a-sku.md) 
#### [Get a list of offer categories by market](get-a-list-of-offer-categories-by-country-and-locale.md)
#### [Get a list of offers for a market](get-a-list-of-offers-for-a-market.md)
#### [Get a list of products (by country)](get-a-list-of-products.md) 
#### [Get a list of SKUs for a product (by country)](get-a-list-of-skus-for-a-product.md) 
#### [Get a list of subscriptions by order](get-a-list-of-subscriptions-by-order.md)
#### [Get a list of trial conversion offers](get-a-list-of-trial-conversion-offers.md)
#### [Get a product by ID](get-a-product-by-id.md) 
#### [Get a SKU by ID](get-a-sku-by-id.md) 
#### [Get a subscription by ID](get-a-subscription-by-id.md)
#### [Get activation link by order line item](get-activation-link-by-order-line-item.md)
#### [Get add-ons for an offer ID](get-addon-offers-by-offer-id.md)
#### [Get an availability by ID](get-an-availability-by-id.md) 
#### [Get an offer by ID](get-an-offer-by-id.md)
#### [Get an order by ID](get-an-order-by-id.md)
#### [Get subscription provisioning status](get-subscription-provisioning-status.md)
#### [Get subscription registration status](get-subscription-registration-status.md)  
#### [Make a one-time purchase](make-a-one-time-purchase.md)   
#### [Purchase an add-on to a subscription](purchase-an-add-on-to-a-subscription.md)
#### [Purchase Azure reservations](purchase-azure-reservations.md)
#### [Purchase catalog items](purchase-catalog-items.md)
#### [Reactivate a suspended subscription](reactivate-a-suspended-a-subscription.md)
#### [Register a subscription](register-a-subscription.md)
#### [Suspend a subscription](suspend-a-subscription.md)
#### [Transition a subscription](transition-a-subscription.md)
#### [Update a cart](update-a-cart.md)
#### [Update autorenew for a commercial marketplace subscription](update-autorenew-for-an-azure-marketplace-subscription.md)
### [Provide support](provide-support.md)
#### [Create a service request](create-a-service-request-.md)
#### [Get a subscription's support contact](get-a-subscription-s-support-contact.md)
#### [Get all service requests for a customer](get-all-service-requests-for-a-customer.md)   
#### [Get service request details by ID](get-service-request-details-by-id.md) 
#### [Get service request support topics](get-service-request-support-topics--pending-.md)
#### [Get the managed services for a customer by ID](get-the-managed-services-for-a-customer-by-id.md)
#### [Update a service request](update-a-service-request.md)
#### [Update a subscription's support contact](update-a-subscription-s-support-contact.md)
### [Referrals](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner/develop/referrals)
#### [Create a referral](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner/develop/create-a-referral)
#### [Get a list of referrals](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner/develop/get-a-list-of-referrals)
#### [Get a referral by ID](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner/develop/get-a-referral-by-id)
#### [Update a referral](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner/develop/update-a-referral)
### [Utilities](utilities.md)
#### [Validate an address](validate-an-address.md)
#### [Get address formatting rules by market](get-market-specific-validation-data.md)
#### [Verify domain availability](verify-domain-availability.md)
#### [Delete a customer account from the integration sandbox](delete-a-customer-account-from-the-integration-sandbox.md)
## [Partner Center REST API reference](partner-center-rest-api-reference.md)
### [Partner Center REST URLs](partner-center-rest-urls.md)
### [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md)
### [Partner Center REST resources](partner-center-rest-resources.md)
#### [Agreement](agreement-resources.md)
#### [Agreement metadata](agreement-metadata-resources.md)
#### [Agreement document resources (preview)](agreement-document-resources.md)
#### [Analytics](analytics-resources.md)
#### [Auditing](auditing-resources.md)
#### [Azure rate card](azure-rate-card-resources.md)
#### [Azure utilization record](azure-utilization-record-resources.md)
#### [Cart](cart-resources.md) 
#### [Conversions](conversions-resources.md)
#### [Country information](country-information-resources.md)
#### [Customer](customer-resources.md)
#### [Customer usage](customer-usage-resources.md)
#### [Device deployment](device-deployment-resources.md)
#### [Entitlement](entitlement-resources.md) 
#### [Invoice](invoice-resources.md)
#### [License](license-resources.md)
#### [Managed service](managed-service-resources.md)
#### [Offer](offer-resources.md)
#### [Order](order-resources.md)
#### [Profile](profile-resources.md)
#### [Products](product-resources.md)
#### [Relationships](relationships-resources.md)
#### [Service costs](service-costs-resources.md)
#### [Service request](service-request-resources.md)
#### [Subscription](subscription-resources.md)
#### [Subscription usage](subscription-usage-resources.md)
#### [Upgrade](upgrade-resources.md)
#### [User](user-resources.md)
#### [Utility resources](utility-resources.md)
### [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md) 
### [Partner Center REST events](partner-center-webhook-events.md) 
### [Partner Center supported languages and locales](partner-center-supported-languages-and-locales.md) 
### [Partner Center webhooks](partner-center-webhooks.md) 
## [Partner Center Managed API reference](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/?view=partnercenter-dotnet-latest)
## [Partner Center Java API reference](https://docs.microsoft.com/java/partnercenter/overview?view=partnercenter-1.8.1)
## [Partner Center PowerShell commands](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/partnercenter/overview?view=partnercenterps-1.5)

Commit message:

Add Get a list of products by customer

develop/TOC.md, after:

# [Partner Center developer resources](index.md)
## [Get started](get-started.md)
### [Developing for Partner Center for Microsoft National Cloud](developing-for-partner-center-for-microsoft-national-cloud.md)
#### [Register app details for Partner Center](create-apps-for-partner-center-for-microsoft-national-clouds.md)
### [Partner Center samples](partner-center-samples.md)
#### [CSP customer web storefront](csp-customer-web-storefront.md)
#### [CSP Customer Storefront Builder Quick Start Guide](csp-customer-storefront-builder-quick-start-guide-.md)
#### [Console test app](console-test-app.md)
### [Set up API access in Partner Center](set-up-api-access-in-partner-center.md)
### [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md)
### [Enable secure application model](enable-secure-app-model.md)
### [Test and debug](test-and-debug.md) 
### [Early Adopter Program](early-adopter-program.md) 
### [Partner Center SDK EULA](EULA-Partner-Center-SDK.md)
## [Scenarios](scenarios.md)
### [Analytics](usage-analytics.md)
#### [Partner Center Analytics - Resources](partner-center-analytics-resources.md)
#### [Get all Azure usage analytics information](get-all-azure-usage-analytics.md)
#### [Get all indirect resellers analytics information](get-all-indirect-resellers-analytics.md)
#### [Get all referrals analytics information](get-all-referrals-analytics.md)
#### [Get all search analytics information](get-all-search-analytics.md)
#### [Get all subscription analytics information](get-all-subscription-analytics.md)  
#### [Get subscription analytics information filtered by a search query](get-subscription-analytics-by-search-query.md)  
#### [Get subscription analytics information grouped by dates or terms](get-subscription-analytics-grouped-by-dates-or-terms.md)  
#### [Get licenses deployment information](get-licenses-deployment-information.md)
#### [Get licenses usage information](get-licenses-usage-information.md)
#### [Get customer licenses deployment information](get-customer-licenses-deployment-information.md)
#### [Get customer licenses usage information](get-customer-licenses-usage-information.md)
#### [Get partner licenses deployment information](get-partner-licenses-deployment-information.md)
#### [Get partner licenses usage information](get-partner-licenses-usage-information.md)
### [Audit operations](audit.md)
#### [Get a record of Partner Center activity](get-a-record-of-partner-center-activity-by-user.md)
### [Device deployment](device-deployment.md)
#### [Create a new configuration policy for the specified customer](create-a-new-configuration-policy-for-the-specified-customer.md)
#### [Delete a configuration policy for the specified customer](delete-a-configuration-policy-for-the-specified-customer.md)
#### [Get a list of a customer's policies](get-a-list-of-a-customer-s-policies.md)
#### [Retrieve a customer's configuration policy](retrieve-a-customer-s-configuration-policy.md)
#### [Update a configuration policy for the specified customer](update-a-configuration-policy-for-the-specified-customer.md)
#### [Get the status of a device batch upload](get-the-status-of-a-device-batch-upload.md)
#### [Get a list of device batches for the specified customer](get-the-list-of-device-batches-for-the-specified-customer.md)
#### [Get a list of devices for the specified batch and customer](get-a-list-of-devices-for-the-specified-batch-and-customer.md)
#### [Upload a list of devices to create a new batch for the specified customer](upload-a-list-of-devices-to-create-a-new-batch-for-the-specified-customer.md)
#### [Upload a list of devices to an existing batch for the specified customer](upload-a-list-of-devices-for-the-specified-customer.md)
#### [Update a list of devices with a policy](update-a-list-of-devices-with-a-policy.md)
#### [Delete a device for the specified customer](delete-a-device-for-the-specified-customer.md)
### [Manage accounts and profiles](manage-profiles-and-information.md)
#### [Get a customer's subscriptions by partner MPN ID](get-all-subscriptions-by-partner.md)
#### [Get an organization profile](get-an-organization-profile.md)
#### [Get customers of an indirect reseller](get-customers-of-an-indirect-reseller.md)
#### [Get indirect resellers of a customer](get-indirect-resellers-of-a-customer.md)
#### [Get Microsoft Partner Network profile](get-partner-network-profile.md)
#### [Get partner billing profile](get-partner-billing-profile.md)
#### [Verify a partner MPN ID](get-partner-by-mpn-id.md)
#### [Get support profile](get-support-profile.md)
#### [Get the partner legal business profile](get-legal-business-profile.md)
#### [Retrieve a list of indirect resellers](retrieve-a-list-of-indirect-resellers.md)
#### [Update an organization profile](update-an-organization-profile.md)
#### [Update the partner billing profile](update-partner-billing-profile.md)
#### [Update support profile](update-support-profile.md)
#### [Update the partner legal business profile](update-legal-business-profile.md)
### [Manage billing](manage-billing.md)
#### [Change the billing cycle](change-the-billing-cycle.md)
#### [Get a customer's service costs summary](get-a-customer-s-service-costs-summary.md)
#### [Get a customer's service costs line items](get-a-customer-s-service-costs-line-items.md)
#### [Get a collection of invoices](get-a-collection-of-invoices.md)
#### [Get a customer's utilization records for Azure](get-a-customer-s-utilization-record-for-azure.md)
#### [Get an invoice by ID](get-invoice-by-id.md)
#### [Get invoice billed consumption line items](get-invoice-billed-consumption-lineitems.md)
#### [Get invoice estimate links](get-invoice-estimate-links.md)
#### [Get invoice line items](get-invoiceline-items.md)
#### [Get invoice receipt statement](get-invoice-receipt-statement.md)
#### [Get invoice statement](get-invoice-statement.md)
#### [Get invoice summaries](get-invoice-summaries.md)
#### [Get invoice unbilled consumption line items](get-invoice-unbilled-consumption-lineitems.md)
#### [Get invoice unbilled recon line items](get-invoice-unbilled-recon-lineitems.md)
#### [Get prices for Microsoft Azure](get-prices-for-microsoft-azure.md)
#### [Get prices for Microsoft Azure Partner Shared Services](get-prices-for-microsoft-azure-partner-shared-services.md)
#### [Get the partner's current account balance](get-the-reseller-s-current-account-balance.md)
### [Azure spending](azure-spending.md)
#### [Get partner usage summary](get-a-partner-usage-summary.md)
#### [Get all customer usage records for a partner](get-a-customer-s-usage-records.md)
#### [Get customer usage summary](get-a-customer-usage-summary.md)
#### [Get all subscription usage records for a customer](get-a-customer-subscription-s-usage-records.md)
#### [Get subscription usage summary](get-a-customer-subscription-usage-summary.md)
#### [Get all monthly usage records for a subscription](get-all-monthly-usage-records-for-a-subscription.md)
#### [Get usage data for subscription by resource](get-a-customer-subscription-resource-usage-records.md)
#### [Get usage data for subscription by meter](get-a-customer-subscription-meter-usage-records.md)
#### [Get meter usage record resources](meter-usage-resources.md)
#### [Get resource usage record resources](resource-usage-resources.md)
#### [Get customer usage budget](get-a-customer-s-usage-spending-budget.md)
#### [Update customer usage budget](update-a-customer-s-usage-spending-budget.md)
### [Manage customer accounts](manage-customers.md) 
#### [Add a verified domain for a customer](add-a-verified-domain-for-a-customer.md) 
#### [Assign licenses to a user](assign-licenses-to-a-user.md)
#### [Confirm customer acceptance of Microsoft Cloud Agreement](confirm-customer-consent.md)
#### [Get agreement metadata for Microsoft Cloud Agreement](get-agreement-metadata.md)
#### [Get agreement metadata for the Microsoft Customer Agreement](get-customer-agreement-metadata.md)
#### [Get confirmation of customer acceptance of Microsoft Cloud Agreement](get-confirmation-of-customer-consent.md)
#### [Download Microsoft Customer Agreement template](download-customer-agreement-template.md)
#### [Get confirmation of customer acceptance of Microsoft Customer Agreement](get-confirmation-of-customer-agreement.md)
#### [Confirm customer acceptance of Microsoft Customer Agreement](confirm-customer-consent-customer-agreement.md)
#### [Get licenses assigned to a user](check-which-licenses-are-assigned-to-a-user.md)
#### [Get licenses assigned to a user by license group](get-licenses-assigned-to-a-user-by-license-group.md)
#### [Create a customer](create-a-customer.md)
#### [Create a customer for an indirect reseller](create-a-customer-for-an-indirect-reseller.md)
#### [Create user accounts for a customer](create-user-accounts-for-a-customer.md)
#### [Delete a user account for a customer](delete-user-accounts-for-a-customer.md)
#### [Get a collection of entitlements](get-a-collection-of-entitlements.md) 
#### [Get a customer by ID](get-a-customer-by-id.md)
#### [Get a customer's billing profile](get-all-of-a-customer-s-billing-profiles.md)
#### [Get a customer's company profile](get-a-customer-s-company-profile.md)
#### [Get a customer's qualification](get-a-customer-s-qualification.md)
#### [Get all of a customer's orders](get-all-of-a-customer-s-orders.md)
#### [Get a customer's subscriptions](get-all-of-a-customer-s-subscriptions.md)
#### [Get a list of all user accounts for a customer](get-a-list-of-all-user-accounts-for-a-customer.md)
#### [Get a list of available licenses](get-a-list-of-available-licenses.md)
#### [Get a list of available licenses by license group](get-a-list-of-available-licenses-by-license-group.md)
#### [Get a list of customers](get-a-list-of-customers.md)
#### [Get a list of customers filtered by a search field](get-a-customer-by-name.md) 
#### [Get a list of orders by customer and billing cycle type](get-a-list-of-orders-by-customer-and-billing-cycle-type.md) 
#### [Get a partner's validation codes](get-a-partner-s-validation-codes.md)
#### [Get a user account by ID](get-a-user-account-by-id.md)
#### [Get user roles for a customer](get-user-roles-for-a-customer.md)
#### [Remove a customer user from a role](remove-customer-user-from-a-role.md)
#### [Remove a reseller relationship with a customer](remove-a-reseller-relationship-with-a-customer.md)
#### [Retrieve a relationship request URL](request-reseller-relationship.md)
#### [Reset user password for a customer](reset-user-password-for-a-customer.md)
#### [Restore a deleted user for a customer](restore-a-user-for-a-customer.md)
#### [Set user roles for a customer](set-user-roles-for-a-customer.md)
#### [Update a customer's billing profile](update-a-customer-s-billing-profile.md)
#### [Update a customer's qualification](update-a-customer-s-qualification.md)
#### [Update the nickname for a subscription](update-the-nickname-for-a-subscription.md)
#### [Update user accounts for a customer](update-user-accounts-for-a-customer.md)
#### [View deleted users for a customer](view-a-deleted-user.md)
### [Manage orders](manage-orders.md)
#### [Create a subscription for commercial marketplace products](create-subscription-azure-marketplace-products.md)
#### [Activate a sandbox subscription for commercial marketplace products](activate-sandbox-subscription-azure-marketplace-products.md)
#### [Cancel a commercial marketplace subscription](cancel-an-azure-marketplace-subscription.md)
#### [Cancel an order from the integration sandbox](cancel-an-order-from-the-integration-sandbox.md)
#### [Change the quantity of a subscription](change-the-quantity-of-a-subscription.md)
#### [Convert a trial subscription to paid](convert-a-trial-subscription-to-paid.md)
#### [Check Inventory](check-inventory.md) 
#### [Checkout a cart](checkout-a-cart.md) 
#### [Create a cart](create-a-cart.md)
#### [Create a cart with add-ons](create-a-cart-with-add-ons.md)
#### [Create an order](create-an-order.md)
#### [Create an order for a customer of an indirect reseller](create-an-order-for-a-customer-of-an-indirect-reseller.md)
#### [Get a list of add-ons for a subscription](get-a-list-of-add-ons-for-a-subscription.md) 
#### [Get a list of availabilities for a SKU (by country)](get-a-list-of-availabilities-for-a-sku.md) 
#### [Get a list of offer categories by market](get-a-list-of-offer-categories-by-country-and-locale.md)
#### [Get a list of offers for a market](get-a-list-of-offers-for-a-market.md)
#### [Get a list of products (by country)](get-a-list-of-products.md) 
#### [Get a list of products (by customer0] (Create get-a-list-of-products-by-customer.md)
#### [Get a list of SKUs for a product (by country)](get-a-list-of-skus-for-a-product.md) 
#### [Get a list of subscriptions by order](get-a-list-of-subscriptions-by-order.md)
#### [Get a list of trial conversion offers](get-a-list-of-trial-conversion-offers.md)
#### [Get a product by ID](get-a-product-by-id.md) 
#### [Get a SKU by ID](get-a-sku-by-id.md) 
#### [Get a subscription by ID](get-a-subscription-by-id.md)
#### [Get activation link by order line item](get-activation-link-by-order-line-item.md)
#### [Get add-ons for an offer ID](get-addon-offers-by-offer-id.md)
#### [Get an availability by ID](get-an-availability-by-id.md) 
#### [Get an offer by ID](get-an-offer-by-id.md)
#### [Get an order by ID](get-an-order-by-id.md)
#### [Get subscription provisioning status](get-subscription-provisioning-status.md)
#### [Get subscription registration status](get-subscription-registration-status.md)  
#### [Make a one-time purchase](make-a-one-time-purchase.md)   
#### [Purchase an add-on to a subscription](purchase-an-add-on-to-a-subscription.md)
#### [Purchase Azure reservations](purchase-azure-reservations.md)
#### [Purchase catalog items](purchase-catalog-items.md)
#### [Reactivate a suspended subscription](reactivate-a-suspended-a-subscription.md)
#### [Register a subscription](register-a-subscription.md)
#### [Suspend a subscription](suspend-a-subscription.md)
#### [Transition a subscription](transition-a-subscription.md)
#### [Update a cart](update-a-cart.md)
#### [Update autorenew for a commercial marketplace subscription](update-autorenew-for-an-azure-marketplace-subscription.md)
### [Provide support](provide-support.md)
#### [Create a service request](create-a-service-request-.md)
#### [Get a subscription's support contact](get-a-subscription-s-support-contact.md)
#### [Get all service requests for a customer](get-all-service-requests-for-a-customer.md)   
#### [Get service request details by ID](get-service-request-details-by-id.md) 
#### [Get service request support topics](get-service-request-support-topics--pending-.md)
#### [Get the managed services for a customer by ID](get-the-managed-services-for-a-customer-by-id.md)
#### [Update a service request](update-a-service-request.md)
#### [Update a subscription's support contact](update-a-subscription-s-support-contact.md)
### [Referrals](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner/develop/referrals)
#### [Create a referral](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner/develop/create-a-referral)
#### [Get a list of referrals](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner/develop/get-a-list-of-referrals)
#### [Get a referral by ID](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner/develop/get-a-referral-by-id)
#### [Update a referral](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner/develop/update-a-referral)
### [Utilities](utilities.md)
#### [Validate an address](validate-an-address.md)
#### [Get address formatting rules by market](get-market-specific-validation-data.md)
#### [Verify domain availability](verify-domain-availability.md)
#### [Delete a customer account from the integration sandbox](delete-a-customer-account-from-the-integration-sandbox.md)
## [Partner Center REST API reference](partner-center-rest-api-reference.md)
### [Partner Center REST URLs](partner-center-rest-urls.md)
### [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md)
### [Partner Center REST resources](partner-center-rest-resources.md)
#### [Agreement](agreement-resources.md)
#### [Agreement metadata](agreement-metadata-resources.md)
#### [Agreement document resources (preview)](agreement-document-resources.md)
#### [Analytics](analytics-resources.md)
#### [Auditing](auditing-resources.md)
#### [Azure rate card](azure-rate-card-resources.md)
#### [Azure utilization record](azure-utilization-record-resources.md)
#### [Cart](cart-resources.md) 
#### [Conversions](conversions-resources.md)
#### [Country information](country-information-resources.md)
#### [Customer](customer-resources.md)
#### [Customer usage](customer-usage-resources.md)
#### [Device deployment](device-deployment-resources.md)
#### [Entitlement](entitlement-resources.md) 
#### [Invoice](invoice-resources.md)
#### [License](license-resources.md)
#### [Managed service](managed-service-resources.md)
#### [Offer](offer-resources.md)
#### [Order](order-resources.md)
#### [Profile](profile-resources.md)
#### [Products](product-resources.md)
#### [Relationships](relationships-resources.md)
#### [Service costs](service-costs-resources.md)
#### [Service request](service-request-resources.md)
#### [Subscription](subscription-resources.md)
#### [Subscription usage](subscription-usage-resources.md)
#### [Upgrade](upgrade-resources.md)
#### [User](user-resources.md)
#### [Utility resources](utility-resources.md)
### [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md) 
### [Partner Center REST events](partner-center-webhook-events.md) 
### [Partner Center supported languages and locales](partner-center-supported-languages-and-locales.md) 
### [Partner Center webhooks](partner-center-webhooks.md) 
## [Partner Center Managed API reference](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/?view=partnercenter-dotnet-latest)
## [Partner Center Java API reference](https://docs.microsoft.com/java/partnercenter/overview?view=partnercenter-1.8.1)
## [Partner Center PowerShell commands](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/partnercenter/overview?view=partnercenterps-1.5)
