develop/update-a-list-of-devices-with-a-policy.md, before:

---
title: Update a list of devices with a policy
description: How to update a list of devices with a configuration policy for the specified customer.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Update a list of devices with a policy

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany

How to update a list of devices with a configuration policy for the specified customer.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- The policy identifier.

- The device identifiers of the devices to update.

## C\#

To update a list of devices with the specified configuration policy, first, instantiate a [List](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.collections.generic.list-1) of type [KeyValuePair](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.collections.generic.keyvaluepair-2)[**(PolicyCategory,**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.devicesdeployment.policycategory)string) and add the policy to apply, as shown in the following code example. You will need the policy identifier of the policy.

Then, create a list of [**Device**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.devicesdeployment.device) objects to be updated with the policy, specifying the device identifier and the list that contains the policy to apply, for each device. Next, instantiate a [**DevicePolicyUpdateRequest**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.devicesdeployment.devicepolicyupdaterequest) object and set the [**Devices**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.devicesdeployment.devicebatchcreationrequest.devices) property to the list of device objects.

To process the device policy update request, call the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer identifier to retrieve an interface to operations on the specified customer. Then, retrieve the [**DevicePolicy**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.devicepolicy) property to get an interface to customer device collection operations. Finally, call the [**Update**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.icustomerdevicecollection.update) method with the DevicePolicyUpdateRequest object to update the devices with the policy.

``` csharp
IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
string selectedCustomerId;
string selectedConfigurationPolicyId;
string selectedDeviceId;

// Indicate the policy to apply to the list of devices.
List<KeyValuePair<PolicyCategory, string>>
    policyToBeAdded = new List<KeyValuePair<PolicyCategory, string>>
{
    new KeyValuePair<PolicyCategory, string>
        (PolicyCategory.OOBE, selectedConfigurationPolicyId)
};

// Create a list of devices to be updated with a policy.
List<Device> devices = new List<Device>
{
    new Device
    {
        Id = selectedDeviceId,
        Policies=policyToBeAdded
    }
};

// Instantiate a DevicePolicyUpdateRequest object.
DevicePolicyUpdateRequest
    devicePolicyUpdateRequest = new DevicePolicyUpdateRequest
{
    Devices = devices
};

// Process the DevicePolicyUpdateRequest.
var trackingLocation =
    partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).DevicePolicy.Update(devicePolicyUpdateRequest);
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: UpdateDevicesPolicy.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method    | Request URI                                                                                         |
|-----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **PATCH** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/DevicePolicyUpdates HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following path parameters when creating the request.

| Name        | Type   | Required | Description                                           |
|-------------|--------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id | string | Yes      | A GUID-formatted string that identifies the customer. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

The request body must contain a [DevicePolicyUpdateRequest](device-deployment-resources.md#devicepolicyupdaterequest) resource.

### Request example

```http
PATCH https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/c7f3c849-129f-4b85-a96d-4f8e88b315a3/DevicePolicyUpdates HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 1b658428-5afa-46d4-af86-c9c6af5634e2
MS-CorrelationId: 49b1e7b2-82e7-4403-b63b-8765269b448d
X-Locale: en-US
MS-PartnerCenter-Application: Partner Center .NET SDK Samples
Content-Type: application/json
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Content-Length: 363
Expect: 100-continue
Connection: Keep-Alive

{
    "Devices": [{
            "Id": "9993-8627-3608-6844-6369-4361-72",
            "SerialNumber": null,
            "ProductKey": null,
            "HardwareHash": null,
            "Policies": [{
                    "Key": "o_o_b_e",
                    "Value": "15a04610-9229-4e80-94e0-0e826a09c9e2"
                }
            ],
            "CreatedBy": null,
            "UploadedDate": "0001-01-01T00:00:00",
            "AllowedOperations": null,
            "Attributes": {
                "ObjectType": "Device"
            }
        }
    ],
    "Attributes": {
        "ObjectType": "DevicePolicyUpdateRequest"
    }
}
```

## REST response

If successful, the response contains a **Location** header that has a URI that can be used to retrieve the status of this batch process. Save this URI for use with other related REST APIs.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 202 Accepted
Content-Length: 0
Location: /customers/c7f3c849-129f-4b85-a96d-4f8e88b315a3/batchJobStatus/a15f3996-620a-4404-9f1f-4c2de78de0de
MS-CorrelationId: 49b1e7b2-82e7-4403-b63b-8765269b448d
MS-RequestId: 1b658428-5afa-46d4-af86-c9c6af5634e2
MS-CV: rCXyd8Z/lUSxUd0P.0
MS-ServerId: 020021921
Date: Thu, 28 Sep 2017 21:33:05 GMT
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/update-a-list-of-devices-with-a-policy.md, after:

---
title: Update a list of devices with a policy
description: How to update a list of devices with a configuration policy for the specified customer.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Update a list of devices with a policy

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany

How to update a list of devices with a configuration policy for the specified customer.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- The policy identifier.

- The device identifiers of the devices to update.

## C\#

To update a list of devices with the specified configuration policy, first, instantiate a [List/dotnet/api/system.collections.generic.list-1) of type [KeyValuePair/dotnet/api/system.collections.generic.keyvaluepair-2)[**(PolicyCategory,**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.devicesdeployment.policycategory)string) and add the policy to apply, as shown in the following code example. You will need the policy identifier of the policy.

Then, create a list of [**Device**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.devicesdeployment.device) objects to be updated with the policy, specifying the device identifier and the list that contains the policy to apply, for each device. Next, instantiate a [**DevicePolicyUpdateRequest**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.devicesdeployment.devicepolicyupdaterequest) object and set the [**Devices**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.devicesdeployment.devicebatchcreationrequest.devices) property to the list of device objects.

To process the device policy update request, call the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer identifier to retrieve an interface to operations on the specified customer. Then, retrieve the [**DevicePolicy**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.devicepolicy) property to get an interface to customer device collection operations. Finally, call the [**Update**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.icustomerdevicecollection.update) method with the DevicePolicyUpdateRequest object to update the devices with the policy.

``` csharp
IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
string selectedCustomerId;
string selectedConfigurationPolicyId;
string selectedDeviceId;

// Indicate the policy to apply to the list of devices.
List<KeyValuePair<PolicyCategory, string>>
    policyToBeAdded = new List<KeyValuePair<PolicyCategory, string>>
{
    new KeyValuePair<PolicyCategory, string>
        (PolicyCategory.OOBE, selectedConfigurationPolicyId)
};

// Create a list of devices to be updated with a policy.
List<Device> devices = new List<Device>
{
    new Device
    {
        Id = selectedDeviceId,
        Policies=policyToBeAdded
    }
};

// Instantiate a DevicePolicyUpdateRequest object.
DevicePolicyUpdateRequest
    devicePolicyUpdateRequest = new DevicePolicyUpdateRequest
{
    Devices = devices
};

// Process the DevicePolicyUpdateRequest.
var trackingLocation =
    partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).DevicePolicy.Update(devicePolicyUpdateRequest);
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: UpdateDevicesPolicy.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method    | Request URI                                                                                         |
|-----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **PATCH** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/DevicePolicyUpdates HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following path parameters when creating the request.

| Name        | Type   | Required | Description                                           |
|-------------|--------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id | string | Yes      | A GUID-formatted string that identifies the customer. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

The request body must contain a [DevicePolicyUpdateRequest](device-deployment-resources.md#devicepolicyupdaterequest) resource.

### Request example

```http
PATCH https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/c7f3c849-129f-4b85-a96d-4f8e88b315a3/DevicePolicyUpdates HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: 1b658428-5afa-46d4-af86-c9c6af5634e2
MS-CorrelationId: 49b1e7b2-82e7-4403-b63b-8765269b448d
X-Locale: en-US
MS-PartnerCenter-Application: Partner Center .NET SDK Samples
Content-Type: application/json
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Content-Length: 363
Expect: 100-continue
Connection: Keep-Alive

{
    "Devices": [{
            "Id": "9993-8627-3608-6844-6369-4361-72",
            "SerialNumber": null,
            "ProductKey": null,
            "HardwareHash": null,
            "Policies": [{
                    "Key": "o_o_b_e",
                    "Value": "15a04610-9229-4e80-94e0-0e826a09c9e2"
                }
            ],
            "CreatedBy": null,
            "UploadedDate": "0001-01-01T00:00:00",
            "AllowedOperations": null,
            "Attributes": {
                "ObjectType": "Device"
            }
        }
    ],
    "Attributes": {
        "ObjectType": "DevicePolicyUpdateRequest"
    }
}
```

## REST response

If successful, the response contains a **Location** header that has a URI that can be used to retrieve the status of this batch process. Save this URI for use with other related REST APIs.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 202 Accepted
Content-Length: 0
Location: /customers/c7f3c849-129f-4b85-a96d-4f8e88b315a3/batchJobStatus/a15f3996-620a-4404-9f1f-4c2de78de0de
MS-CorrelationId: 49b1e7b2-82e7-4403-b63b-8765269b448d
MS-RequestId: 1b658428-5afa-46d4-af86-c9c6af5634e2
MS-CV: rCXyd8Z/lUSxUd0P.0
MS-ServerId: 020021921
Date: Thu, 28 Sep 2017 21:33:05 GMT
```
