develop/update-a-configuration-policy-for-the-specified-customer.md, before:

---
title: Update a configuration policy for the specified customer
description: How to update the specified configuration policy for the specified customer.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Update a configuration policy for the specified customer

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany

How to update the specified configuration policy for the specified customer.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- The policy identifier.

## C\#

To update an existing configuration policy for the specified customer, instantiate a new [**ConfigurationPolicy**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.devicesdeployment.configurationpolicy) object as shown in the following code snippet. The values in this new object replace the corresponding values in the existing object. Then, call the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to retrieve an interface to operations on the specified customer. Next, call the [**ConfigurationPolicies.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.iconfigurationpolicycollection.byid) method with the policy ID to retrieve an interface to configuration policy operations for the specified policy. Finally, call the [**Patch**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.iconfigurationpolicy.patch) or [**PatchAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.iconfigurationpolicy.patchasync) method to update the configuration policy.

``` csharp
IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
string selectedCustomerId;
string selectedConfigurationPolicyId;

ConfigurationPolicy configPolicyToBeUpdated = new ConfigurationPolicy()
{
    Name= "Test Config Policy",
    Id = selectedConfigurationPolicyId,
    PolicySettings = new List<PolicySettingsType>() {
        PolicySettingsType.OobeUserNotLocalAdmin,
        PolicySettingsType.RemoveOemPreinstalls }
};

ConfigurationPolicy updatedConfigurationPolicy =
    partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).ConfigurationPolicies.ById(selectedConfigurationPolicyId).Patch(configPolicyToBeUpdated);
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: UpdateConfigurationPolicy.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                          |
|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **PUT** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/policies/{policy-id} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following path parameters when creating the request.

| Name        | Type   | Required | Description                                                   |
|-------------|--------|----------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id | string | Yes      | A GUID-formatted string that identifies the customer.         |
| policy-id   | string | Yes      | A GUID-formatted string that identifies the policy to update. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

The request body must contain an object that provides the policy information.

| Name            | Type             | Required | Updatable | Description                                                                                                                                              |
|-----------------|------------------|----------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| id              | string           | Yes      | No        | The GUID-formatted string that identifies the policy.                                                                                                    |
| name            | string           | Yes      | Yes       | The friendly name of the policy.                                                                                                                         |
| category        | string           | Yes      | No        | The policy category.                                                                                                                                     |
| description     | string           | No       | Yes       | The policy description.                                                                                                                                  |
| devicesAssigned | number           | No       | No        | The number of devices.                                                                                                                                   |
| policySettings  | array of strings | Yes      | Yes       | The policy settings: "none","remove\_oem\_preinstalls","oobe\_user\_not\_local\_admin","skip\_express\_settings","skip \_oem\_registration,"skip\_eula". |

### Request example

```http
PUT https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/47021739-3426-40bf-9601-61b4b6d7c793/policies/56edf752-ee77-4fd8-b7f5-df1f74a3a9ac HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: e88d014d-ab70-41de-90a0-f7fd1797267d
MS-CorrelationId: de894e18-f027-4ac0-8b5a-34f0c222af0c
X-Locale: en-US
Content-Length: 256
Content-Type: application/json
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com

{
    "id": "56edf752-ee77-4fd8-b7f5-df1f74a3a9ac",
    "name": "Windows test policy",
    "category": "o_o_b_e",
    "description": "Test policy creation from API",
    "devicesAssigned": 0,
    "policySettings": ["skip_express_settings"]
}
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains the [ConfigurationPolicy](device-deployment-resources.md#configurationpolicy) resource for the new policy.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 421
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: f9fd5973-6ad8-4585-aadc-f2b0443fe27b
MS-RequestId: cb1fa1f3-1381-45d9-99c5-511e5d3efa7c
MS-CV: YrLe3w6BbUSMt1fi.0
MS-ServerId: 030020344
Date: Tue, 25 Jul 2017 18:10:29 GMT

{
    "id": "56edf752-ee77-4fd8-b7f5-df1f74a3a9ac",
    "name": "Windows test policy",
    "category": "o_o_b_e",
    "description": "Test policy creation from API",
    "devicesAssigned": 0,
    "policySettings": ["skip_express_settings"],
    "createdDate": "2017-01-01T00:00:00",
    "lastModifiedDate": "2017-07-25T18:10:15",
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "ConfigurationPolicy"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/update-a-configuration-policy-for-the-specified-customer.md, after:

---
title: Update a configuration policy for the specified customer
description: How to update the specified configuration policy for the specified customer.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Update a configuration policy for the specified customer

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany

How to update the specified configuration policy for the specified customer.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

- The policy identifier.

## C\#

To update an existing configuration policy for the specified customer, instantiate a new [**ConfigurationPolicy**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.devicesdeployment.configurationpolicy) object as shown in the following code snippet. The values in this new object replace the corresponding values in the existing object. Then, call the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to retrieve an interface to operations on the specified customer. Next, call the [**ConfigurationPolicies.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.iconfigurationpolicycollection.byid) method with the policy ID to retrieve an interface to configuration policy operations for the specified policy. Finally, call the [**Patch**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.iconfigurationpolicy.patch) or [**PatchAsync**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.devicesdeployment.iconfigurationpolicy.patchasync) method to update the configuration policy.

``` csharp
IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
string selectedCustomerId;
string selectedConfigurationPolicyId;

ConfigurationPolicy configPolicyToBeUpdated = new ConfigurationPolicy()
{
    Name= "Test Config Policy",
    Id = selectedConfigurationPolicyId,
    PolicySettings = new List<PolicySettingsType>() {
        PolicySettingsType.OobeUserNotLocalAdmin,
        PolicySettingsType.RemoveOemPreinstalls }
};

ConfigurationPolicy updatedConfigurationPolicy =
    partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).ConfigurationPolicies.ById(selectedConfigurationPolicyId).Patch(configPolicyToBeUpdated);
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: UpdateConfigurationPolicy.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                          |
|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **PUT** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/policies/{policy-id} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following path parameters when creating the request.

| Name        | Type   | Required | Description                                                   |
|-------------|--------|----------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id | string | Yes      | A GUID-formatted string that identifies the customer.         |
| policy-id   | string | Yes      | A GUID-formatted string that identifies the policy to update. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

The request body must contain an object that provides the policy information.

| Name            | Type             | Required | Updatable | Description                                                                                                                                              |
|-----------------|------------------|----------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| id              | string           | Yes      | No        | The GUID-formatted string that identifies the policy.                                                                                                    |
| name            | string           | Yes      | Yes       | The friendly name of the policy.                                                                                                                         |
| category        | string           | Yes      | No        | The policy category.                                                                                                                                     |
| description     | string           | No       | Yes       | The policy description.                                                                                                                                  |
| devicesAssigned | number           | No       | No        | The number of devices.                                                                                                                                   |
| policySettings  | array of strings | Yes      | Yes       | The policy settings: "none","remove\_oem\_preinstalls","oobe\_user\_not\_local\_admin","skip\_express\_settings","skip \_oem\_registration,"skip\_eula". |

### Request example

```http
PUT https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/47021739-3426-40bf-9601-61b4b6d7c793/policies/56edf752-ee77-4fd8-b7f5-df1f74a3a9ac HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: e88d014d-ab70-41de-90a0-f7fd1797267d
MS-CorrelationId: de894e18-f027-4ac0-8b5a-34f0c222af0c
X-Locale: en-US
Content-Length: 256
Content-Type: application/json
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com

{
    "id": "56edf752-ee77-4fd8-b7f5-df1f74a3a9ac",
    "name": "Windows test policy",
    "category": "o_o_b_e",
    "description": "Test policy creation from API",
    "devicesAssigned": 0,
    "policySettings": ["skip_express_settings"]
}
```

## REST response

If successful, the response body contains the [ConfigurationPolicy](device-deployment-resources.md#configurationpolicy) resource for the new policy.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 421
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: f9fd5973-6ad8-4585-aadc-f2b0443fe27b
MS-RequestId: cb1fa1f3-1381-45d9-99c5-511e5d3efa7c
MS-CV: YrLe3w6BbUSMt1fi.0
MS-ServerId: 030020344
Date: Tue, 25 Jul 2017 18:10:29 GMT

{
    "id": "56edf752-ee77-4fd8-b7f5-df1f74a3a9ac",
    "name": "Windows test policy",
    "category": "o_o_b_e",
    "description": "Test policy creation from API",
    "devicesAssigned": 0,
    "policySettings": ["skip_express_settings"],
    "createdDate": "2017-01-01T00:00:00",
    "lastModifiedDate": "2017-07-25T18:10:15",
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "ConfigurationPolicy"
    }
}
```
