develop/update-a-service-request.md, before:

---
title: Update a service request
description: How to update an existing customer service request that a Cloud Solution Provider has filed with Microsoft on the customer's behalf.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Update a service request

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

How to update an existing customer service request that a Cloud Solution Provider has filed with Microsoft on the customer's behalf.

In the Partner Center dashboard, this operation can be performed by first [selecting a customer](get-a-customer-by-name.md). Then, select **Service management** on the left sidebar. Under the **Support requests** header, select the service request in question. To finish, make the desired changes to the service request then select **Submit.**

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- A service request ID.

## C\#

To update a customer's service request, call the [**IServiceRequestCollection.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.servicerequests.iservicerequestcollection.byid) method with the service request id to identify and return the service request interface. Then call the [**IServiceRequest.Patch**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.servicerequests.iservicerequest.patch) or [**PatchAsync**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.servicerequests.iservicerequest.patchasync) method to update the service request. To provide the updated values, create a new, empty [**ServiceRequest**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.servicerequests.servicerequest) object and set only the property values that you want to change. Then pass that object in the call to the Patch or PatchAsync method.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// ServiceRequest existingServiceRequest;

ServiceRequest updatedServiceRequest = partnerOperations.ServiceRequests.ById(existingServiceRequest.Id).Patch(new ServiceRequest
{
   NewNote = note
});
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: UpdatePartnerServiceRequest.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method    | Request URI                                                                                 |
|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **PATCH** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/servicerequests/{servicerequest-id} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following URI parameter to update the service request.

| Name                  | Type     | Required | Description                                 |
|-----------------------|----------|----------|---------------------------------------------|
| **servicerequest-id** | **guid** | Y        | A GUID that identifies the service request. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

The request body should contain a [ServiceRequest](service-request-resources.md) resource. The only required values are those to be updated.

### Request example

```http
PATCH https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/servicerequests/616122292874576 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: f9a030bd-e492-4c1a-9c70-021f18234981
MS-CorrelationId: fd969070-4e5f-4c6b-a3c6-1941283b39ae
X-Locale: en-US
Content-Type: application/json
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Content-Length: 508
Expect: 100-continue

{
    "Id": null,
    "Title": null,
    "Description": null,
    "Severity": "unknown",
    "SupportTopicId": null,
    "SupportTopicName": null,
    "Status": "none",
    "Organization": null,
    "PrimaryContact": null,
    "LastUpdatedBy": null,
    "ProductName": null,
    "ProductId": null,
    "CreatedDate": "0001-01-01T00:00:00",
    "LastModifiedDate": "0001-01-01T00:00:00",
    "LastClosedDate": "0001-01-01T00:00:00",
    "NewNote": {
        "CreatedByName": null,
        "CreatedDate": null,
        "Text": "Sample Note"
    },
    "Notes": null,
    "CountryCode": null,
    "FileLinks": null,
    "Attributes": {
        "ObjectType": "ServiceRequest"
    }
}
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a **Service Request** resource with updated properties in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 566
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: fd969070-4e5f-4c6b-a3c6-1941283b39ae
MS-RequestId: f9a030bd-e492-4c1a-9c70-021f18234981
MS-CV: rjLONPum/Uq94UQA.0
MS-ServerId: 030011719
Date: Mon, 09 Jan 2017 23:31:15 GMT

{
    "title": "TrialSR",
    "description": "Ignore this SR",
    "severity": "critical",
    "supportTopicId": "32444671",
    "supportTopicName": "Cannot manage my profile",
    "id": "616122292874576",
    "status": "open",
    "organization": {
        "id": "3b33e682-00c3-41ee-9dd2-a548adf56438",
        "name": "TEST_TEST_BugBash1"
    },
    "productId": "15960",
    "createdDate": "2016-12-22T20:31:17.24Z",
    "lastModifiedDate": "2017-01-09T23:31:15.373Z",
    "lastClosedDate": "0001-01-01T00:00:00",
    "notes": [{
            "createdByName": "Account",
            "createdDate": "2017-01-09T23:31:15.373",
            "text": "Sample Note"
        }
    ],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "ServiceRequest"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/update-a-service-request.md, after:

---
title: Update a service request
description: How to update an existing customer service request that a Cloud Solution Provider has filed with Microsoft on the customer's behalf.
ms.date: 12/15/2017
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Update a service request

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

How to update an existing customer service request that a Cloud Solution Provider has filed with Microsoft on the customer's behalf.

In the Partner Center dashboard, this operation can be performed by first [selecting a customer](get-a-customer-by-name.md). Then, select **Service management** on the left sidebar. Under the **Support requests** header, select the service request in question. To finish, make the desired changes to the service request then select **Submit.**

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- A service request ID.

## C\#

To update a customer's service request, call the [**IServiceRequestCollection.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.servicerequests.iservicerequestcollection.byid) method with the service request id to identify and return the service request interface. Then call the [**IServiceRequest.Patch**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.servicerequests.iservicerequest.patch) or [**PatchAsync**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.servicerequests.iservicerequest.patchasync) method to update the service request. To provide the updated values, create a new, empty [**ServiceRequest**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.servicerequests.servicerequest) object and set only the property values that you want to change. Then pass that object in the call to the Patch or PatchAsync method.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// ServiceRequest existingServiceRequest;

ServiceRequest updatedServiceRequest = partnerOperations.ServiceRequests.ById(existingServiceRequest.Id).Patch(new ServiceRequest
{
   NewNote = note
});
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: UpdatePartnerServiceRequest.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method    | Request URI                                                                                 |
|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **PATCH** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/servicerequests/{servicerequest-id} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following URI parameter to update the service request.

| Name                  | Type     | Required | Description                                 |
|-----------------------|----------|----------|---------------------------------------------|
| **servicerequest-id** | **guid** | Y        | A GUID that identifies the service request. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

The request body should contain a [ServiceRequest](service-request-resources.md) resource. The only required values are those to be updated.

### Request example

```http
PATCH https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/servicerequests/616122292874576 HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: f9a030bd-e492-4c1a-9c70-021f18234981
MS-CorrelationId: fd969070-4e5f-4c6b-a3c6-1941283b39ae
X-Locale: en-US
Content-Type: application/json
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
Content-Length: 508
Expect: 100-continue

{
    "Id": null,
    "Title": null,
    "Description": null,
    "Severity": "unknown",
    "SupportTopicId": null,
    "SupportTopicName": null,
    "Status": "none",
    "Organization": null,
    "PrimaryContact": null,
    "LastUpdatedBy": null,
    "ProductName": null,
    "ProductId": null,
    "CreatedDate": "0001-01-01T00:00:00",
    "LastModifiedDate": "0001-01-01T00:00:00",
    "LastClosedDate": "0001-01-01T00:00:00",
    "NewNote": {
        "CreatedByName": null,
        "CreatedDate": null,
        "Text": "Sample Note"
    },
    "Notes": null,
    "CountryCode": null,
    "FileLinks": null,
    "Attributes": {
        "ObjectType": "ServiceRequest"
    }
}
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a **Service Request** resource with updated properties in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 566
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: fd969070-4e5f-4c6b-a3c6-1941283b39ae
MS-RequestId: f9a030bd-e492-4c1a-9c70-021f18234981
MS-CV: rjLONPum/Uq94UQA.0
MS-ServerId: 030011719
Date: Mon, 09 Jan 2017 23:31:15 GMT

{
    "title": "TrialSR",
    "description": "Ignore this SR",
    "severity": "critical",
    "supportTopicId": "32444671",
    "supportTopicName": "Cannot manage my profile",
    "id": "616122292874576",
    "status": "open",
    "organization": {
        "id": "3b33e682-00c3-41ee-9dd2-a548adf56438",
        "name": "TEST_TEST_BugBash1"
    },
    "productId": "15960",
    "createdDate": "2016-12-22T20:31:17.24Z",
    "lastModifiedDate": "2017-01-09T23:31:15.373Z",
    "lastClosedDate": "0001-01-01T00:00:00",
    "notes": [{
            "createdByName": "Account",
            "createdDate": "2017-01-09T23:31:15.373",
            "text": "Sample Note"
        }
    ],
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "ServiceRequest"
    }
}
```
