develop/update-a-customer-s-usage-spending-budget.md, before:

---
title: Update a customer's usage spending budget
description: Update the spending budget allocated for a customer's usage.
ms.date: 02/05/2018
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Update a customer's usage spending budget

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Update the [spending budget](customer-usage-resources.md#customerusagesummary)
allocated for a customer's usage.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

## C\#

To update a customer's usage spending budget, first create a new
[**SpendingBudget**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.usage.spendingbudget) object with the updated amount. Then use the
[**IAggregatePartner.Customers**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection) collection and call the [**ById()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid)
method with the specified customer's ID. Then access the [**UsageBudget**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.usagebudget)
property and pass the updated usage budget to the [**Patch()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.usage.icustomerusagespendingbudget.patch) or
[**PatchAsync()**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.usage.icustomerusagespendingbudget.patchasync) method.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string selectedCustomerId;

// Create a new spending budget with the udpated amount.
var newUsageBudget = new SpendingBudget()
{
    Amount = 100
};

// Update the customer's usage budget.
var usageBudget = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).UsageBudget.Patch(newUsageBudget);
```

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method    | Request URI                                                                                             |
|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **PATCH** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/usagebudget  HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following query parameter to update the billing profile.

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                                                                                                                                            |
|------------------------|----------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id** | **guid** | Y        | The value is a GUID formatted **customer-tenant-id** that allows the reseller to filter the results for a given customer that belongs to the reseller. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

The full resource.

### Request example

```http
PATCH https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/<customer-tenant-id>/usagebudget HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json, text/plain, */*
MS-RequestId: 312b044d-dc41-4b37-c2d5-7d27322d9654
MS-CorrelationId: 7cb67bb7-4750-403d-cc2e-6bc44c52d52c
Content-Type: application/json;charset=utf-8
X-Locale: "en-US"

{
     "Amount": 100,
     "Attributes": {
          "ObjectType": "SpendingBudget"
     }
}
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a user's spending budget with the updated amount.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 12014
Content-Type: application/json
MS-CorrelationId: 7cb67bb7-4750-403d-cc2e-6bc44c52d52c
MS-RequestId: be82a8ba-4a53-49f7-8313-b033c058687e
Date: Tue, 10 Nov 2015 19:09:59 GMT

{
    {
        "amount": 100,
        "usageSpendingBudget": 100,
        "attributes":{
            "objectType":"SpendingBudget"
        }
    },
    "links":{
        "self":{
            "uri":"/v1/customers/<customer-tenant-id>/usagebudget",
            "method":"PATCH",
            "headers":[]
        }
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/update-a-customer-s-usage-spending-budget.md, after:

---
title: Update a customer's usage spending budget
description: Update the spending budget allocated for a customer's usage.
ms.date: 02/05/2018
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# Update a customer's usage spending budget

**Applies To**

- Partner Center
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud Germany
- Partner Center for Microsoft Cloud for US Government

Update the [spending budget](customer-usage-resources.md#customerusagesummary)
allocated for a customer's usage.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with both standalone App and App+User credentials.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

## C\#

To update a customer's usage spending budget, first create a new
[**SpendingBudget**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.usage.spendingbudget) object with the updated amount. Then use the
[**IAggregatePartner.Customers**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection) collection and call the [**ById()**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid)
method with the specified customer's ID. Then access the [**UsageBudget**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomer.usagebudget)
property and pass the updated usage budget to the [**Patch()**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.usage.icustomerusagespendingbudget.patch) or
[**PatchAsync()**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.usage.icustomerusagespendingbudget.patchasync) method.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// string selectedCustomerId;

// Create a new spending budget with the udpated amount.
var newUsageBudget = new SpendingBudget()
{
    Amount = 100
};

// Update the customer's usage budget.
var usageBudget = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).UsageBudget.Patch(newUsageBudget);
```

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method    | Request URI                                                                                             |
|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **PATCH** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-tenant-id}/usagebudget  HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following query parameter to update the billing profile.

| Name                   | Type     | Required | Description                                                                                                                                            |
|------------------------|----------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **customer-tenant-id** | **guid** | Y        | The value is a GUID formatted **customer-tenant-id** that allows the reseller to filter the results for a given customer that belongs to the reseller. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

The full resource.

### Request example

```http
PATCH https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/<customer-tenant-id>/usagebudget HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json, text/plain, */*
MS-RequestId: 312b044d-dc41-4b37-c2d5-7d27322d9654
MS-CorrelationId: 7cb67bb7-4750-403d-cc2e-6bc44c52d52c
Content-Type: application/json;charset=utf-8
X-Locale: "en-US"

{
     "Amount": 100,
     "Attributes": {
          "ObjectType": "SpendingBudget"
     }
}
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a user's spending budget with the updated amount.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Error Codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 12014
Content-Type: application/json
MS-CorrelationId: 7cb67bb7-4750-403d-cc2e-6bc44c52d52c
MS-RequestId: be82a8ba-4a53-49f7-8313-b033c058687e
Date: Tue, 10 Nov 2015 19:09:59 GMT

{
    {
        "amount": 100,
        "usageSpendingBudget": 100,
        "attributes":{
            "objectType":"SpendingBudget"
        }
    },
    "links":{
        "self":{
            "uri":"/v1/customers/<customer-tenant-id>/usagebudget",
            "method":"PATCH",
            "headers":[]
        }
    }
}
```
