develop/view-a-deleted-user.md, before:

---
title: View deleted users for a customer
description: Gets a list of deleted CustomerUser resources for a customer by customer ID. You can optionally set a page size. You must supply a filter.
ms.date: 07/22/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# View deleted users for a customer

**Applies To**

- Partner Center

Gets a list of deleted CustomerUser resources for a customer by customer ID. You can optionally set a page size. You must supply a filter.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

## What happens when you delete a user account?

The user state is set to "inactive" when you delete a user account. It remains that way for thirty days, after which the user account and its associated data are purged and made unrecoverable. If you want to restore a deleted user account within the thirty day window, see [Restore a deleted user for a customer](restore-a-user-for-a-customer.md). Once deleted and marked "inactive", the user account is no longer returned as a member of the user collection (for example, using [Get a list of all user accounts for a customer](get-a-list-of-all-user-accounts-for-a-customer.md)). To get a list of deleted users that have not yet been purged, you must query for user accounts that have been set to inactive.

## C\#

To retrieve a list of deleted users, construct a query that filters for customer users whose status is set to inactive. First, create the filter by instantiating a [**SimpleFieldFilter**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.simplefieldfilter) object with the parameters as shown in the following code snippet. Then create the query using the [**BuildIndexedQuery**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.queryfactory.buildindexedquery) method. If you do not want paged results, you can use the [**BuildSimpleQuery**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.queryfactory.buildsimplequery) method instead. Next, use the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to identify the customer. Finally, call the [**Query**](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customerusers.icustomerusercollection.query) method to send the request.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// int customerUserPageSize;

// Create a filter for users whose status is inactive (i.e. deleted).
var filter = new SimpleFieldFilter("UserState", FieldFilterOperation.Equals, "Inactive");

// Build a paged query.
var simpleQueryWithFilter = QueryFactory.Instance.BuildIndexedQuery(customerUserPageSize, 0, filter);

// Send the request.
var customerUsers = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Users.Query(simpleQueryWithFilter);
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetCustomerInactiveUsers.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                       |
|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/users?size={size}&filter={filter} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following path and query parameters when creating the request.

| Name        | Type   | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                        |
|-------------|--------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id | guid   | Yes      | The value is a GUID formatted customer-id that identifies the customer.                                                                                                            |
| size        | int    | No       | The number of results to be displayed at one time. This parameter is optional.                                                                                                     |
| filter      | filter | Yes      | The query that filters the user search. To retrieve deleted users, you must include and encode the following string: {"Field":"UserState","Value":"Inactive","Operator":"equals"}. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04/users?size=500&filter=%7B%22Field%22%3A%22UserState%22%2C%22Value%22%3A%22Inactive%22%2C%22Operator%22%3A%22equals%22%7D HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: c11feb95-55d2-45b6-9d1b-74b55d2221fb
MS-CorrelationId: 2b4ab588-f48c-4874-b479-a61895e107b2
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a collection of [CustomerUser](user-resources.md#customeruser) resources in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 802
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 690b34ca-07c8-4f8a-ab13-f22a50594a43
MS-RequestId: 1187f9ad-02b4-4d96-b668-7cf3d289467b
MS-CV: 3TLmR9gz6EaCVCjR.0
MS-ServerId: 101112616
Date: Fri, 20 Jan 2017 19:13:14 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 1,
    "items": [{
            "usageLocation": "US",
            "id": "a45f1416-3300-4f65-9e8d-f123b397a4ea",
            "userPrincipalName": "e83763f7f2204ac384cfcd49f79f2749@dtdemocspcustomer005.onmicrosoft.com",
            "firstName": "Ferdinand",
            "lastName": "Filibuster",
            "displayName": "Ferdinand",
            "userDomainType": "none",
            "state": "inactive",
            "softDeletionTime": "2017-01-20T00:33:34Z",
            "links": {
                "self": {
                    "uri": "/customers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04/users/a45f1416-3300-4f65-9e8d-f123b397a4ea",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                }
            },
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "CustomerUser"
            }
        }
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/customers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04/users?size=500&filter=%7B%22Field%22%3A%22UserStatus%22%2C%22Value%22%3A%22Inactive%22%2C%22Operator%22%3A%22equals%22%7D",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Updating docs.microsoft.com links to /

develop/view-a-deleted-user.md, after:

---
title: View deleted users for a customer
description: Gets a list of deleted CustomerUser resources for a customer by customer ID. You can optionally set a page size. You must supply a filter.
ms.date: 07/22/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice:  partnercenter-sdk
---

# View deleted users for a customer

**Applies To**

- Partner Center

Gets a list of deleted CustomerUser resources for a customer by customer ID. You can optionally set a page size. You must supply a filter.

## Prerequisites

- Credentials as described in [Partner Center authentication](partner-center-authentication.md). This scenario supports authentication with App+User credentials only.

- A customer ID (`customer-tenant-id`). If you don't know the customer's ID, you can look it up in the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard). Select **CSP** from the Partner Center menu, followed by **Customers**. Select the customer from the customer list, then select **Account**. On the customer’s Account page, look for the **Microsoft ID** in the **Customer Account Info** section. The Microsoft ID is the same as the customer ID  (`customer-tenant-id`).

## What happens when you delete a user account?

The user state is set to "inactive" when you delete a user account. It remains that way for thirty days, after which the user account and its associated data are purged and made unrecoverable. If you want to restore a deleted user account within the thirty day window, see [Restore a deleted user for a customer](restore-a-user-for-a-customer.md). Once deleted and marked "inactive", the user account is no longer returned as a member of the user collection (for example, using [Get a list of all user accounts for a customer](get-a-list-of-all-user-accounts-for-a-customer.md)). To get a list of deleted users that have not yet been purged, you must query for user accounts that have been set to inactive.

## C\#

To retrieve a list of deleted users, construct a query that filters for customer users whose status is set to inactive. First, create the filter by instantiating a [**SimpleFieldFilter**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.simplefieldfilter) object with the parameters as shown in the following code snippet. Then create the query using the [**BuildIndexedQuery**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.queryfactory.buildindexedquery) method. If you do not want paged results, you can use the [**BuildSimpleQuery**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.models.query.queryfactory.buildsimplequery) method instead. Next, use the [**IAggregatePartner.Customers.ById**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customers.icustomercollection.byid) method with the customer ID to identify the customer. Finally, call the [**Query**/dotnet/api/microsoft.store.partnercenter.customerusers.icustomerusercollection.query) method to send the request.

``` csharp
// IAggregatePartner partnerOperations;
// int customerUserPageSize;

// Create a filter for users whose status is inactive (i.e. deleted).
var filter = new SimpleFieldFilter("UserState", FieldFilterOperation.Equals, "Inactive");

// Build a paged query.
var simpleQueryWithFilter = QueryFactory.Instance.BuildIndexedQuery(customerUserPageSize, 0, filter);

// Send the request.
var customerUsers = partnerOperations.Customers.ById(selectedCustomerId).Users.Query(simpleQueryWithFilter);
```

**Sample**: [Console test app](console-test-app.md). **Project**: Partner Center SDK Samples **Class**: GetCustomerInactiveUsers.cs

## REST request

### Request syntax

| Method  | Request URI                                                                                                       |
|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **GET** | [*{baseURL}*](partner-center-rest-urls.md)/v1/customers/{customer-id}/users?size={size}&filter={filter} HTTP/1.1 |

### URI parameter

Use the following path and query parameters when creating the request.

| Name        | Type   | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                        |
|-------------|--------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| customer-id | guid   | Yes      | The value is a GUID formatted customer-id that identifies the customer.                                                                                                            |
| size        | int    | No       | The number of results to be displayed at one time. This parameter is optional.                                                                                                     |
| filter      | filter | Yes      | The query that filters the user search. To retrieve deleted users, you must include and encode the following string: {"Field":"UserState","Value":"Inactive","Operator":"equals"}. |

### Request headers

For more information, see [Partner Center REST headers](headers.md).

### Request body

None.

### Request example

```http
GET https://api.partnercenter.microsoft.com/v1/customers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04/users?size=500&filter=%7B%22Field%22%3A%22UserState%22%2C%22Value%22%3A%22Inactive%22%2C%22Operator%22%3A%22equals%22%7D HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
MS-RequestId: c11feb95-55d2-45b6-9d1b-74b55d2221fb
MS-CorrelationId: 2b4ab588-f48c-4874-b479-a61895e107b2
X-Locale: en-US
Host: api.partnercenter.microsoft.com
```

## REST response

If successful, this method returns a collection of [CustomerUser](user-resources.md#customeruser) resources in the response body.

### Response success and error codes

Each response comes with an HTTP status code that indicates success or failure and additional debugging information. Use a network trace tool to read this code, error type, and additional parameters. For the full list, see [Partner Center REST error codes](error-codes.md).

### Response example

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Length: 802
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
MS-CorrelationId: 690b34ca-07c8-4f8a-ab13-f22a50594a43
MS-RequestId: 1187f9ad-02b4-4d96-b668-7cf3d289467b
MS-CV: 3TLmR9gz6EaCVCjR.0
MS-ServerId: 101112616
Date: Fri, 20 Jan 2017 19:13:14 GMT

{
    "totalCount": 1,
    "items": [{
            "usageLocation": "US",
            "id": "a45f1416-3300-4f65-9e8d-f123b397a4ea",
            "userPrincipalName": "e83763f7f2204ac384cfcd49f79f2749@dtdemocspcustomer005.onmicrosoft.com",
            "firstName": "Ferdinand",
            "lastName": "Filibuster",
            "displayName": "Ferdinand",
            "userDomainType": "none",
            "state": "inactive",
            "softDeletionTime": "2017-01-20T00:33:34Z",
            "links": {
                "self": {
                    "uri": "/customers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04/users/a45f1416-3300-4f65-9e8d-f123b397a4ea",
                    "method": "GET",
                    "headers": []
                }
            },
            "attributes": {
                "objectType": "CustomerUser"
            }
        }
    ],
    "links": {
        "self": {
            "uri": "/customers/4d3cf487-70f4-4e1e-9ff1-b2bfce8d9f04/users?size=500&filter=%7B%22Field%22%3A%22UserStatus%22%2C%22Value%22%3A%22Inactive%22%2C%22Operator%22%3A%22equals%22%7D",
            "method": "GET",
            "headers": []
        }
    },
    "attributes": {
        "objectType": "Collection"
    }
}
```
